Request 1 by C-chan (1001paperboxes)
Critical Role (Web Series) RPF 
Sam Riegel (Critical Role RPF), Liam O'Brien (Critical Role RPF)

Give me the domestic slashfic that they would be proud of! (Or better yet, give me them <em>writing</em> the domestic slashfic that they would be proud of!)

Show me what it's like if they really were the husbands [common-law or otherwise] that they joke that they are! As the dick jokes are also fairly constant, I don't expect sex to stay out of this entirely, but I would prefer if there was, at the very least, some plot.

Letter: http://box-of-doom.dreamwidth.org/228025.html


Request 2 by C-chan (1001paperboxes)
宇宙戦隊キュウレンジャー | Uchu Sentai Kyuranger 
Balance (Kyuranger), Naga Ray

I need more Balance and Naga. The world needs more Balance and Naga. I don't care if it's gen or shippy or them figuring out where on the platonic/super slashy spectrum they fall.

Alternatively, tell me about the holidays from everyone's home cultures. There's a lot of interesting stories to be found there, I think.

My only real major request is that anything written does not take place during the evil!Naga arc. Any other place on their timeline is fine.

Letter: http://box-of-doom.dreamwidth.org/228025.html


Request 3 by C-chan (1001paperboxes)
烈車戦隊トッキュウジャー | Ressha Sentai ToQger 
Jennifer (ToQger), Kaniros (ToQger), Ticket (ToQger), Nonomura Hikari

I would absolutely LOVE to see some silly love triangle stuff surrounding Ticket, Kaniros, and Jennifer. Give me backstory to the very silly noir story we get in canon!

If those three are not quite your cup of tea, then writing about the ToQgers in general is fine! I've included Hikari as my fourth character here because I'd love some introspective on him. How does he feel that he fits in, when he's often the one off to the side? How does he deal with having the least amount of imagination? Is his path to becoming a scientist full of awesome? Does he end up dating Kagura? Lots of options! =D

Letter: http://box-of-doom.dreamwidth.org/228025.html


Request 4 by C-chan (1001paperboxes)
月刊少女野崎くん | Gekkan Shoujo Nozaki-kun 
Mikoshiba Mikoto, Nozaki Mayu

Okay. So. Last year I ended up writing a fic about Mayu and Mikoto for Yuletide. I would love to see more between these two!

As for what's going on, the sky's the limit, really.
Do they [accidentally or otherwise] end up dating? How does that work out?
Does someone else find out that they're texting each other as girls[chapter 59 of the manga]? Do they try to figure out the truth?
Are they actually girls? How would that affect the story?

Letter: http://box-of-doom.dreamwidth.org/228025.html


Request 5 by C-chan (1001paperboxes)
Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger 
Jealoushto (Gokaiger)

Option 1) Give me the Gokaiger/Kyuranger crossover that this world desperately needs but will probably never get.

Option 2) Give me literally anything Jealousto related. That guy is silly, if actual trash, and deserves more stories. =D

Letter: http://box-of-doom.dreamwidth.org/228025.html


Request 6 by C-chan (1001paperboxes)
Hustle Cat 

Honestly, I want just about anything set in the Bustle Cat universe.

Letter: http://box-of-doom.dreamwidth.org/228025.html


***

Request 1 by Cadhla
Halloweentown (1998) 
Marnie Piper, Luke (Halloweentown)

I love anything Halloweentown, but really prefer fic that either ignores or retcons the third and fourth movies.  I'm a Luke/Marnie girl, but am happy with shippy or non-shippy stories.


Request 2 by Cadhla
10th Kingdom 
Virginia Lewis, Wolf (10th Kingdom)

I am happy with anything 10th Kingdom.


Request 3 by Cadhla
The Wicked + The Divine 
Lucifer (The Wicked + The Divine), Laura Wilson | Persephone

I would love something that really digs into the mythology.


***

Request 1 by cadmean
Kill Six Billion Demons (Webcomic) 
Incubus (Kill Six Billion Demons), Jagganoth (Kill Six Billion Demons)

Unholy alliances, wohoo! I think it's fantastic that these two of all people have decided to team up, and I'd love to see any kind of exploration of how their alliance came about, just what it entails, and what might happen if either of them decide to break it.

DNWs: mundane AUs; unrequested crossovers; pregnancy/mpreg/kidfic; A/B/O; overly graphic descriptions of bodily fluids other than blood.

Letter: http://teumesia.dreamwidth.org/2190.html


Request 2 by cadmean
The Half-Made World Series - Felix Gilman 

For characters, I'd really love to see Marmion and Liv somehow actually interacting without Creedmoor to act as a buffer inbetween! Or something dealing with the confrontation between Creedmoor and Marmion (and Knoll) and White Rock, or maybe a what-if scenario where Creedmoor chose not to leave the Gun after all, and how Liv deals with that.

Alternatively I'd also be totally down with worldbuilding fic exploring how the unmade west works, or how the Gun and Line interact with their respective people, or even what life is like for your average citizen caught in the war out there.

DNWs: mundane AUs; unrequested crossovers; pregnancy/mpreg/kidfic; A/B/O; overly graphic descriptions of bodily fluids other than blood.

Letter: http://teumesia.dreamwidth.org/2190.html


Request 3 by cadmean
The Malazan Book of the Fallen - Steven Erikson 
Dancer | Cotillion | The Rope, Dassem Ultor | Dessembrae

These two have such a long and complicated history, so I'd love anything to do with that! For pre-canon it'd be super cool to see maybe their adventures during the early years of the empire, or how they became friends; or maybe Dancer and Dassem at the last Chaining of the Crippled God and what exactly went down there. Post-canon also works: do they meet up again after the whole Darujhistan thing, and what happens -- do they reconcile, or where do they go from there?

DNWs: mundane AUs; unrequested crossovers; pregnancy/mpreg/kidfic; A/B/O; overly graphic descriptions of bodily fluids other than blood.

Letter: http://teumesia.dreamwidth.org/2190.html


***

Request 1 by Cakemage
Body of Proof 
Megan Hunt (Body of Proof), Kate Murphy

All right, so I ship the hell out of these two and would love just about any fic involving them sharing snarky, flirty banter with each other and relishing being smarter and more fabulous than everyone else.  Smut is welcome, but please don't feel obligated to write it if you don't feel comfortable doing so!

The three major items on my Do Not Want list are rape, abuse (even in hurt/comfort fics), and gore.  I am a big ol' wimp when it comes to gore, and yes, this does sometimes present a few challenges when watching the show itself.  I'm fine with blood, though, so no worries there. 

Smut-wise, while I can definitely see their sex life being a near-constant battle for dominance (albeit with wonderful after-care), I'm not a fan of strap-ons or dildos in general.  Scat, watersports and age-play are also major squicks of mine, and I probably don't need to mention this, but just to be on the safe side (considering the nature of Kate and Megan's work), please avoid necrophilia and necrophilia-related topics.  I'd consider it a personal favor.  Also, please don't kill either of them.  My fragile little heart just couldn't take it.  

Apart from all that, whether you have them solving a case together, indulging in some hurt/comfort (goodness knows they both have more than enough past trauma to work with), figuring out how to navigate their somewhat rocky relationships with Megan's daughter and/or mother, arguing and then really enjoying the making-up process, or hell, even competing to see who can make Ethan the most uncomfortable, or just about any other scenario you feel like putting them in, as long as Kate and Megan are being snarky and fabulous, I'm probably going to be happy.


Request 2 by Cakemage
Jem and the Holograms (Comics) 
Mary "Stormer" Phillips (Jem Comics), Roxanne "Roxy" Pellegrini (Jem Comics), Phyllis "Pizzazz" Gabor (Jem Comics), Sheila "Jetta" Burns (Jem Comics)

Whether we're talking about the show or the comics, in my opinion the Misfits are the best part of Jem and the Holograms.  Their songs ARE better, after all.  Anyway, I'd love a fic that was just about the Misfits being their fabulously tacky and bratty selves.  Bonus points for wacky antics, especially the kind that, logically, they probably ought to be arrested for, although since when have Misfits had any use for logic (apart from Stormer, sometimes)?  Even more bonus points for femmeslash.  My favorite pairings are Kimber/Stormer and Pizzazz/Roxy, but feel free to mix it up a bit!  Go wild!  Smut is welcome, but I won't be disappointed if you'd rather not go there.

Again, I'm not a fan of rape, abuse, gore, scat/watersports, ageplay or strap-ons/dildos.  And as far as this fandom goes, I'm not super interested in "serious" topics at all.  The Misfits are far too busy being flawless, gorgeous and magnificent to worry about silly things like consequences, propriety, introspection and emotional maturity.  The bottom line is, I want you to enjoy writing this as much as possible, dear author!   The more fun you have writing this story, the more fun I'm probably gonna have reading it.


Request 3 by Cakemage
Scooby Doo! Mystery Incorporated (TV 2010) 
Velma Dinkley (Scooby Doo! Mystery Incorporated (TV 2010)), Marcie "Hot Dog Water" Fleach (Scooby Doo! Mystery Incorporated (TV 2010))

I was not expecting to love Mystery Incorporated as much as I did, nor was I expecting Velma/Marcie to become my OTP of the show, and yet here we are.  I would really enjoy just about any fic  about them being socially awkward, misunderstood, badass super-geniuses in love and off solving mysteries together.  Wacky hijinks, spooky shenanigans and weird inventions/science are a definite plus.

Once again, please no rape, abuse, gore, scat/watersports,  ageplay, character death or strap-ons/dildos.  If you want to write smut, I certainly won't object as long as they're both legal, consenting adults when it takes place.  Hurt/comfort would be awesome ('cause let's face it, they've both got ISSUES), team-ups with the rest of Mystery Incorporated would be fantastic, and you can never go wrong with a Vincent Van Ghoul and/or Professor Hatecraft and/or Hex Girls cameo.  Again, the more fun you have writing this fic, the more likely I am to love the hell out of it!


***

Request 1 by Callie_Quite_Contrary
Imperial Radch Series - Ann Leckie 
Kalr Five | Ettan, Medic (Mercy of Kalr), Athoek Station, Lieutenant Tisarwat

I adore almost everything about these books, but there’s a special place in my heart for Kalr Five, Tisarwat, Medic and Athoek Station. I would love to read something about any combination of them working together to achieve something unlikely to be fatal – say, preparations for the Conclave? Or a dinner party (Kalr Five’s dedication to propriety in the matter of tea sets is always delightful)? Or something to do with restoring those gardens on the Station, or the improvements to the Undergarden (beset-but-competent administrator Tisarwat is probably my favourite Tisarwat)…

Alternatively, things have gone wrong already and now Medic is having a very, very bad day with some very, very bad patients. Because they’d definitely be bad patients, in their own ways.

DNWs: any explicit sexual content, any explicit romantic content, blood, gore and injury beyond what’s in canon, birth scenes, major character deaths.

Letter: http://contrary-cal.dreamwidth.org/879586.html


Request 2 by Callie_Quite_Contrary
Points - Melissa Scott & Lisa A. Barnett 
Philip Eslingen, Nicolas Rathe, Istre b'Estorr

This series is one of my favourite examples of worldbuilding in current fantasy, so I’d love something that branches out and explores the world beyond what we’ve seen already in the books. I like Eslingen, Rathe and b’Estorr, but Eslingen most of all, and I’m really interested in his soldiering past and how he started to move back toward that, in a different way, in Fair’s Point, so anything that deals with the City Guard and his role in shaping it/deciding how it operates would be wonderful, especially if it involves conflict with the Points, and/or that King of Thieves (horses with personality = love). Casefic would be *adored*.

DNWs: any explicit sexual content, blood, gore and injury beyond what’s in canon, birth scenes, major character deaths.

Letter: http://contrary-cal.dreamwidth.org/879586.html


Request 3 by Callie_Quite_Contrary
Call the Midwife 
Julienne (Call the Midwife), Evangelina (Call the Midwife), Phyllis Crane, Barbara Gilbert

If there’s one thing I love about *Call the Midwife* more than anything else, it’s Phyllis Crane’s friendship with Barbara Gilbert, and how it so often reverses roles, with Phyllis the apparently plain, stodgy, moralistic older woman surprising sparky-but-conventional young thing Barbara with her past and flexible viewpoints (and Phyllis as Barbara’s bridesmaid was an absolute delight!). They have a great working dynamic, and I’d love to see them working together on something like a public health issue, either before Barbara’s marriage or after it. And maybe, for a change, Barbara cna surprise Phyllis. :)

I also love both Sister Evangelina and Sister Julienne, and find the contrast between Sister Julienne’s serenity and her difficulty with accepting change very interesting; I suspect that one of the reasons Julienne and Evangalina didn’t butt heads as often as they might have was because Evangelia shared that conservatism, so anything about how their relationships works—and the moments when it doesn’t work—or how the arrival of someone like Phyllis or Barbara challenges one or both of them would be lovely.

I know it’s weird having ‘no birth scenes’ in my DNWs for a show about midwives, but we get enough of those in the show itself, so medical casefic that’s not about birth is what I would prefer if casefic takes your fancy here.

DNWs: any explicit sexual content, any explicit romantic content, blood, gore and injury beyond what’s in canon (but no uterine inversions please! I can’t cope with that again…), birth scenes, major character deaths outside of what’s canon.

Letter: http://contrary-cal.dreamwidth.org/879586.html


Request 4 by Callie_Quite_Contrary
Humans (TV) 
Mattie Hawkins, Odi (Humans), Niska (Humans)

I love this show so much, but never even thought about fic for it until I saw it in the tagset and had a brainwave. One of my favourite plot strands in season 2 was Mattie trying to restore Odi, and his struggle to deal with consciousness. I’d love to see something about the longer-term impact of his ‘suicide’ on her, and how it affects her relationships with the conscious Synths. Or, did the code push reawaken Odi? If it did, how does he react? Would he come to Mattie for help, or strike out on his own? What would happen if he crossed paths with Niska?

Or Mattie and Niska each figuring out what to do next in the aftermath of the Synth Awakening would be interesting too—there are a lot of parallels between them that I'd love to see explored.

DNWs: any explicit sexual content, any explicit romantic content, blood, gore and injury beyond what’s in canon, birth scenes, major character deaths.

Letter: http://contrary-cal.dreamwidth.org/879586.html


***

Request 1 by calliopes_pen
Count Dracula (TV 1977) 
Renfield (Count Dracula 1977), Mina Westenra Harker (Count Dracula 1977), Dracula (Count Dracula 1977), Jonathan Harker (Count Dracula 1977)

What if Renfield did as Dracula wanted? What if he hadn’t tried to warn Seward and instead did as Dracula expected and drank from an “initiated human”—meaning Mina, somehow, while Jonathan and Seward were in shouting distance? Mina might do likewise, being in Dracula’s power at that moment from all that was implied. Or maybe it’s her choice. How would this work without drawing attention, and how would the men not notice?

Does Jonathan notice anything odd about her at all later? Does Dracula encourage Mina to “initiate” Jonathan, turning him and also providing Dracula’s own blood to do so faster? And if he was turned, what would the four of them (since Renfield’s bound to get out of that cell even if they don’t come for him; seriously, the guy’s fantastic at that, so he’s right behind them eventually) manage to do before they were found out? Does Seward or anybody else ever notice a change in Renfield before an impromptu escape? What happens in the aftermath?

Please see my Dear Author letter for more details on this and the rest of the fandoms, as well as other prompts.

Letter: http://calliopes-pen.dreamwidth.org/1760040.html#Count


Request 2 by calliopes_pen
Dracula - Bram Stoker 

What if the Innkeeper’s Wife at the Golden Krone saw everyone on their way through Transylvania to destroy Dracula? What if everyone stopped at that hotel, since Jonathan knew it was hopefully safe? Would Jonathan try to confide in her his fears, despite the occasional language barrier? Would he—hoping she didn’t understand—even confide he was willing to follow Mina, and become a vampire if it did come to that? Does the older woman think he must be mad or tainted himself to consider such a thing? And does she try to help them at all?

Please see my Dear Author letter for more details on this and the rest of the fandoms, as well as many more prompts.

Letter: http://calliopes-pen.dreamwidth.org/1760040.html#Stoker


Request 3 by calliopes_pen
Dracula (TV 1968) 

What if Dracula chose to target Jonathan to fulfill his promise after he successfully turned Lucy, instead of going after Mina by way of Lucy? Would Lucy try to tempt Seward instead, to lure him away from the cell so that Dracula could go to Jonathan? What happens if Van Helsing is there, too, and drives her off? Are they able to reach anything of his old self, to appeal to what’s left of it, or does Jonathan run into Dracula’s arms? Does he escape first, so that they can get him bitten in the privacy of the graveyard? If Lucy never revealed herself to Mina in this version, it would be nice if she still figured out the existence of vampires and tried to fight for Jonathan’s soul.

Please see my Dear Author letter for more details on this and the rest of the fandoms, as well as more prompts.

Letter: http://calliopes-pen.dreamwidth.org/1760040.html#1968


Request 4 by calliopes_pen
Horror of Dracula (1958) 
Jonathan Harker (Horror of Dracula 1958), Count Dracula (Horror of Dracula 1958), Arthur Holmwood (Horror of Dracula 1958), Abraham Van Helsing (Horror of Dracula 1958)

Does Dracula stay as Jonathan changes? Did Jonathan rip the room apart in a feral state, or was it just the last shred of lingering humanity that was horrified at what he had become? Or did Dracula make that mess which Van Helsing found? Did Jonathan have time to go hunting for fresh blood with Dracula before Van Helsing killed him? After a quick search around online, I see it was about 10 days for Jonathan to be a vampire. What was he like as a brand new vampire? We only see him sleeping in his coffin before he was staked. Did he actually bother to organize the books when Dracula left him alone, in between whatever else he did as a new vampire? While I’m joking about the last, I can sort of picture Jonathan trying to fix up the library.

What if Jonathan woke fully before he was staked by Van Helsing, and tried to fight back? Is there anything left of his personality to trick Van Helsing with, or is he just starving for the nearest source of blood? Or what if Jonathan traveled with Dracula, and targeted (per Dracula’s orders) Arthur while Dracula went after others? Arthur could barely handle seeing a staking of a vampire. How would he handle seeing Jonathan as one of the undead? And would he be the one forced to stake him? Or would he be bitten by him?

Please see my Dear Author letter for more details on this and the rest of the fandoms, as well as more prompts.

Letter: http://calliopes-pen.dreamwidth.org/1760040.html#Horror


Request 5 by calliopes_pen
Crimson Peak (2015) 
Thomas Sharpe, Edith Cushing, Lucille Sharpe, Alan McMichael

Edith, at a séance, realizes that Alan can see the dead, too, after his brush with death at Allerdale Hall. Explore the consequences. Do they begin proving which psychics and mediums are fakes? Do they lend out their services to speak to or on behalf of the dead haunting an abode? Do they use this to try to help the dead find peace? They each have their own fortunes, so they would be fine with it being a side job. What do Alan’s family think of it all? Do they think he went crazy? Does Enola suddenly speak through Alan at one sitting and freak out everyone with news of unfinished business?

Please see my Dear Author letter for more details on this and the rest of the fandoms, as well as more prompts.

Letter: http://calliopes-pen.dreamwidth.org/1760040.html#Crimson


Request 6 by calliopes_pen
Dark Shadows (1991) 
Victoria Winters (Dark Shadows (1991))

How does Vicki readjust to life in the present day, knowing the secrets that she knows about Barnabas? Can she handle all that happened to her in the past, what she left behind, and the fact that she was hanged for witchcraft?

Please see my Dear Author letter for more details on this and the rest of the fandoms.

Letter: http://calliopes-pen.dreamwidth.org/1760040.html#Dark


***

Request 1 by Cân Cennau (cancennau)
Pride (2014) 
Cliff (Pride), Hefina (Pride), Gwen (Pride), Sian (Pride)
Letter: http://cancennau.tumblr.com/post/166071307089/dear-yuletide-author


Request 2 by Cân Cennau (cancennau)
Agatha Christie's Poirot (TV) 
Hercule Poirot (TV), Arthur Hastings (TV)
Letter: http://cancennau.tumblr.com/post/166071307089/dear-yuletide-author


Request 3 by Cân Cennau (cancennau)
Stardew Valley (Video Game) 
Harvey (Stardew Valley), Male Player (Stardew Valley), Maru (Stardew Valley), Penny (Stardew Valley)
Letter: http://cancennau.tumblr.com/post/166071307089/dear-yuletide-author


Request 4 by Cân Cennau (cancennau)
Rosemary and Thyme 
Rosemary Boxer, Laura Thyme
Letter: http://cancennau.tumblr.com/post/166071307089/dear-yuletide-author


***

Request 1 by candiru
Earth's Children - Jean M. Auel 

http://digoxin-purpurea.tumblr.com/post/166196604277/i-signed-up-for-yuletide-here-is-my The Letter


Request 2 by candiru
The Eagle | The Eagle of the Ninth (2011) 

http://digoxin-purpurea.tumblr.com/post/166196604277/i-signed-up-for-yuletide-here-is-my The Letter


Request 3 by candiru
The Departed (2006) 

http://digoxin-purpurea.tumblr.com/post/166196604277/i-signed-up-for-yuletide-here-is-my The Letter


***

Request 1 by Care
The Bold Type 
Kat Edison, Adena El-Amin

I really enjoyed this show an unexpected amount! Also, I went from not super caring about Kat and Adena to REALLY caring about them, which was fun and great. Their airport date sequence was so well-constructed and emotional. I'm not gonna lie -- I teared up. Anyway, I'd love a Kat-and-Adena-travel-the-world story or anything else you might think of. Maybe future fic? (I also really love fics where the couple breaks up and then gets back together a few years later.) Angst is welcome, but a happy ending is a must.

Letter: http://maladyofthequotidian.tumblr.com/post/166207295915/dear-yuletide-author


Request 2 by Care
The Chronicles of Chrestomanci - Diana Wynne Jones 
Christopher Chant, Millie | Millie Chant

See letter! (I wrote too much in this box originally, oops.)

Letter: http://maladyofthequotidian.tumblr.com/post/166207295915/dear-yuletide-author


Request 3 by Care
The Good Place (TV) 
Jianyu Li | Jason Mendoza, Janet (The Good Place)

HAHA, why do I ship these two so much??? They're so dumb and ridiculous. I would love some snippet of Jason and Janet, falling in love in every attempt. Is it always the same? So ludicrous. Also, if you're not down with them as a ship, I would LOVE Janet fic. Janet fic is always welcome.

Letter: http://maladyofthequotidian.tumblr.com/post/166207295915/dear-yuletide-author


***

Request 1 by Carmilla
The Persuaders 
Brett Sinclair, Danny Wilde, Prue (The Persuaders)

I love Prue and Brett's relationship, especially the moment in 'That's Me Over There' when Brett sees her car coming and smiles smugly to himself because he knows exactly what's going to happen next. I really enjoy Prue's arch, playful way of dealing with Brett in both her episodes; it seems to me that she has the measure of him pretty well and knows exactly what she wants from him and how she plans to get it, and I'm sure it wouldn't take her too long to size up Danny in a similar way. I'm also intrigued by the possibilities of Brett and Danny interacting with a woman together when at least one of them really knows her, as that doesn't happen much on the show.

I'd really like a fic in which Brett and Prue are good friends who understand each other, and then use that understanding to run rings around Danny. I'd be equally happy with gen (casefic or just the three of them hanging out equally welcome), het or slash; I'd also love it if you went the threesome route. (My specific bunny for that is that Danny has been pestering Brett to have a threesome with him for ages, and Brett finally says 'OK, but I get to pick the woman' and asks Prue because he knows that together they'll be able to run the show. No preference as to whether this is in the context of an established Brett/Danny relationship or not.) Anything with the three of them interacting in a fun, playful way would make me happy, regardless of the pairing(s) or rating.

Letter: http://carmilla.dreamwidth.org/33358.html


Request 2 by Carmilla
The Limehouse Golem (2016) 
George Flood (The Limehouse Golem (2016)), John Kildare (The Limehouse Golem (2016))

I really loved the spiky, respectful and layered relationship that the film built for these two.  How Flood looks up to Kildare and identifies with him, but at the same time really doesn't want to be where he is in twenty years, and how Kildare mentors Flood and expects the best out of him and *totally misses* all that respect and identification unless it's thrown in his face.

I'd love something that develops that relationship after the film ends.  I can absolutely see this as a potential romance, especially a slow and hesitant one.  I can equally see it as a deepening friendship (something Kildare seems terribly short of).  I would adore casefic if that's your thing.  Anything that builds on what the movie gave me with these two would make me happy.

Letter: http://carmilla.dreamwidth.org/33358.html


Request 3 by Carmilla
Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers 
Peter Wimsey (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers), Harriet Vane (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers)

Harriet and Peter are my happy place, and provided you don't kill them or otherwise break them up, there's nothing you can write about them I won't love.  Tell me about a domestic incident, a case, or that time they ran rings around Helen at a dinner party.

If you fancy straying a little further afield, I would love to see them in an AU.  Either a fairly close to canon one, like what would have happened if they'd met at a bohemian party or an Oxford reunion, or something more exotic - Peter and Harriet in space!  Peter and Harriet in medieval England!  Peter and Harriet the Jaeger pilots!  Whatever strikes your fancy would be great.

Letter: http://carmilla.dreamwidth.org/33358.html


***

Request 1 by carolinecrane
Alex Delaware Series - Jonathan Kellerman 
Milo Sturgis, Rick Silverman

Milo is one of my favorite fictional characters of all time, and I love his relationship with Rick. They're so *solid* in spite of all the awfulness circling around them all the time, and I love that about them. I love that Kellerman lets them have that when even Alex doesn't really get that with Robin, because so much of Milo's backstory is so tragic. He deserves nice things! I really want him to have nice things.

There are more specific prompts in my letter, if you'd like them, but basically Milo/Nice Things is what I'm asking for here.

Letter: http://carolinecrane.dreamwidth.org/78374.html


Request 2 by carolinecrane
Halloweentown (1998) 

This is one of those nostalgia fandoms I want to snuggle up with and sink into. I want to read about literally any part of the universe you'd like to explore. Halloweentown itself, Witch University, the Bureaucracy that goes along with being a supernatural creature, what it's like to be a citizen of both Halloweentown and the mortal world.

There's lots more detail in my letter if you want it, but basically anything goes with this fandom. You can go dark or as fluffy as the movies, set it any time during or after (or before!) canon, with any characters you like.

Letter: http://carolinecrane.dreamwidth.org/78374.html


Request 3 by carolinecrane
Kitchen Confidential 

Things I would love to see in this fandom: Drunken orgies. All the kinky sex. Food-related shenanigans (naked or otherwise). Pre-canon explorations of how Jack/Steven/Teddy/Seth (or any combination thereof) became friends/bros/colleagues/whatever. Awkward hookups. Magic realism. Jim/Ramon (ship of my heart!) There’s a lot more in my letter, but basically anything goes.

Letter: http://carolinecrane.dreamwidth.org/78374.html


Request 4 by carolinecrane
Mighty Ducks (Movies) 
Dean Portman, Fulton Reed

I guess I'm having a nostalgia fandoms kind of year, and this is another one of those for me. These movies are so cheesy and mistake-riddled (absolutely you can rollerblade from Stillwater to the Mall Of America, sure, TOTALLY believable!) but I love them all the more for it. They're so relentlessly silly, but they have such heart, and any time I watch them it's a little like visiting old friends. So basically I just want to hang out with these characters in their world, whatever part of it you want to show me.

Obviously I ship them like FedEx, so if you do too, feel free to show me their romance.

Letter: http://carolinecrane.dreamwidth.org/78374.html


Request 5 by carolinecrane
Santa Claus: The Movie (1985) 

This is the cheesy 80s Christmas movie of my heart and I love literally everything about the universe, including the horrible class disparities and evil John Lithgow. I would welcome any exploration about the universe at all, particularly Joe and Corny's adventures at the North Pole post-canon. I want to hear all about their idyllic childhood with Santa and Mrs. Claus!

If you want to tell the story through the eyes of Santa or Anya, that would be a-okay with me too. I'm so interested in their thoughts and feelings on instant parenthood, and what it's like to have kids underfoot when they've got the responsibility of all of Christmas on their shoulders.

I would love any kind of worldbuilding, and if you're down to ship Joe and Corny, so am I.

Letter: http://carolinecrane.dreamwidth.org/78374.html


Request 6 by carolinecrane
Veritas: The Quest 
Nikko Zond, Calvin Banks

I’ve shipped Cal/Nikko since 2003. I’m very loyal to my tiny rarepairs, what can I say. The reason I love them so much is because I have a fondness for enemies to friends to lovers, and their dynamic is so well-suited to that. They’re both so jealous of each other for basically the same reason, and the fact that neither of them can see that makes me want to smack their heads together. I mean the Daddy Issues, come on. 

They’re both kind of brats, but they manage to overcome that when it counts and work together, so if you felt like doing something with that dynamic I’d love it. I love the Found Family aspects of the show, too. Nikko's Two Dads, Calvin's jealousy of Nikko and Solomon's relationship, the weird sibling rivalry Nikko and Cal have going...I love all of it.

Letter: http://carolinecrane.dreamwidth.org/78374.html


***

Request 1 by cartesiandaemon
Yet Another Fantasy Gamer Comic 

Thank you for writing for me!

I love the breadth of characters in yafgc. I would love to hear about any adventure any combination of the characters overcome. I also like the style of kink endemic to the comic if you would like to write smut.

(If you want to write smut any combination of characters acting in character is good, but I like kinky stories more than sex scenes iyswim. In general, I've no specific squicks to steer clear of, other than things that are likely to be disturbing to most people.)


Request 2 by cartesiandaemon
Elements - Experiments in Character Design - Kaycie D. 
Technetium (Elements Character Design), Helium (Elements Character Design), Chlorine (Elements Character Design), Beryllium (Elements Character Design)

Thank you so much for writing for me!

I love these designs, I love how much of a sense of character you get from each of them.

I picked four that I particularly liked, but any combination of elements is more than welcome whether it includes them or not.

I feel semi-meta stories about the characters interacting with the premise of being made into cards works well for this kind of fandom, but any story about the characters is equally welcome, be it as elements, as playing card personas, or those characters living in a normal human universe unaware of their alter egos.

I doubt any DNW are likely to be relevant for this fandom, but in general, I've no specific squicks to steer clear of, other than things that are likely to be disturbing to most people.


Request 3 by cartesiandaemon
Leftover Soup (Webcomic) 

Thank you so much for writing for me!

I love the leftover soup characters, I love how they're all so much themselves, how they're all introspective and dedicated, but coming from such incredibly different places.

Any story about them interacting in any situation is pretty much always going to be interesting. Maybe some incident that happens after the end of the comic, wrapping up more characters, or happens in parallel to earlier events which some interaction becomes a reference to.

Gen or smut are both good. (If you want to write smut any combination of characters acting in character is good, but I like kinky stories more than sex scenes iyswim. In general, I've no specific squicks to steer clear of, other than things that are likely to be disturbing to most people.)


***

Request 1 by CartoonAddict564
モンスター娘のいる日常 | Monster Musume no Iru Nichijou 
Centorea "Cerea" Shianus

Centorea is my favorite character in this series. I love how she maintains her sense of honor despite all the comedic hijinks, and how even though she's lost fights to various enemies she keeps on trying to battle for the people she cares about. So anything focusing on any of those aspects of her--e.g., her honor, her zeal to battle for good, her devotion to Kimihito and how her honor inspires her to fight for him--would be awesome.

Other characters from this manga I really like are Polt (the gym kobold; she's written with wonderful pep in the series, and I like the core concept of a monster having a relatively mundane job and making it awesome) and Ils Nineta (the prank-loving shrine maiden fox spirit, for similar reasons). But Centorea is my favorite, so basically anything with her, I'm happy. :-)

DNWs: Anything R-rated. Also, I'm not really a fan of crossovers or AUs.


Request 2 by CartoonAddict564
DC Super Hero Girls (Web Series) 
Komand'r (DC Super Hero Girls), Koriand'r (DC Super Hero Girls)

I really like the duo of Starfire and Blackfire, and have since the old Teen Titans show. In this series of course they have a much less antagonistic relationship, and I love the idea of exploring that relationship in more detail. There are so many questions to explore. A few possibilities: 

* Do they hang out together when they're both back on their home planet? 

* How would they come to each other's defense if one of them got attacked by something she couldn't handle on her own? 

* If Starfire spent a day on Korugar, how would that go differently than the day Blackfire spent on Earth? 

* Is Blackfire doing full-on supervillainy yet, and if so, how would Starfire deal with it--or if Starfire tried to do superheroics against some major monster she's not strong enough to take on, how (if at all) would Blackfire try to talk her down? 

A story exploring any of these questions (or any similar themes) would be totally awesome.

Other characters from this show I really like are the Big Barda/Lady Shiva pair (I'm a sucker for redemption arcs) and Batgirl (I'm also a sucker for non-powered heroes competing at the same level as heroes with all kinds of powers). Honestly, though, I'll like just about anything with Starfire and Blackfire in it. 

DNWs: Anything R-rated. Also, I'm not really a fan of crossovers or AUs.


Request 3 by CartoonAddict564
The Legend of Drizzt Series - R. A. Salvatore 
Kimmuriel Oblodra

The whole concept of drow culture fascinates me. I'm a sucker for any story which explores how that world works, at any level--from politics with the matrons and clerics of Lolth, to daily life with the lower-level workers, to the slaves and the drider underlings. So I'd be happy with anything drow-centric here. 

DNWs: Anything R-rated. Also, I'm not really a fan of crossovers or AUs.


***

Request 1 by Casylum
Heat (1995) 
Neil McCauley, Vincent Hanna

I'm not usually a fan of either mpreg, incest, or any shade of non-con, &amp; would prefer if none of the above were included in whichever story it is you choose to write.

Letter: http://theladywanderer.dreamwidth.org/13528.html


Request 2 by Casylum
Star Trek: Discovery 
Philippa Georgiou (Star Trek: Discovery), Michael Burnham (Star Trek: Discovery)

I'm not usually a fan of either mpreg, incest, or any shade of non-con, &amp; would prefer if none of the above were included in whichever story it is you choose to write.

Letter: http://theladywanderer.dreamwidth.org/13528.html


Request 3 by Casylum
The Mummy Series 
Evy Carnahan O'Connell, Rick O'Connell, Ardeth Bay, Jonathan Carnahan

No need to use everyone, though I would prefer if at least Evy were there. Additionally I'm not usually a fan of either mpreg, incest, or any shade of non-con, &amp; would prefer if none of the above were included in whichever story it is you choose to write.

Letter: http://theladywanderer.dreamwidth.org/13528.html


Request 4 by Casylum
Practical Magic (1998) 
Frances Owens, Gillian Owens, Sally Owens, Bridget "Jet" Owens

I'm not usually a fan of either mpreg, incest, or any shade of non-con, &amp; would prefer if none of the above were included in whichever story it is you choose to write.

Letter: http://theladywanderer.dreamwidth.org/13528.html


Request 5 by Casylum
Wiedźmin | The Witcher (Video Game) 
Yennefer z Vengerbergu | Yennefer of Vengerberg (Witcher Games), Triss Merigold (Witcher Games), Shani (Witcher Games), Cirilla Fiona Elen Riannon (Witcher Games)

I'm not usually a fan of either mpreg, incest, or any shade of non-con, &amp; would prefer if none of the above were included in whichever story it is you choose to write.

Letter: http://theladywanderer.dreamwidth.org/13528.html


Request 6 by Casylum
Westworld (TV) 
Dolores Abernathy, Maeve Millay, Clementine Pennyfeather, Armistice (Westworld)

I'm not usually a fan of either mpreg, incest, or any shade of non-con, &amp; would prefer if none of the above were included in whichever story it is you choose to write.

Letter: http://theladywanderer.dreamwidth.org/13528.html


***

Request 1 by categranger
Call the Midwife 
Bernadette | Shelagh Turner, Julienne (Call the Midwife), Phyllis Crane, Delia Busby

While I would be more than happy to read about all four of these characters in the same fic if that fit the story you wanted to tell, many of my prompts only include a subset of them, and in those cases please don’t feel obligated to shoehorn all four of them in if they don’t fit. Also, please don’t feel like you have to slavishly follow any of my prompts. As long as the story is canon-style (I’m not really into “Shelagh is a barista/astronaut/zombie/etc.”), if you have an idea of your own, or one based on one of my general likes (see my letter), I’m sure I will like it.

My main interests in this fandom are Bernadette | Shelagh &amp; Julienne, Phyllis, Phyllis &amp; Delia, Phyllis &amp; Barbara, and Delia/Patsy. I also love Sister Evangelina, although I didn’t have room to request her, so if you have a plotbunny about her, I’d be happy to read about her too. 

<i>Bernadette | Shelagh &amp; Julienne</i>
I love the mother-daughter relationship between them. It’s one of my favorite parts of the series, as Julienne watches Bernadette become Shelagh, and their relationship changes and grows over the years. When Shelagh asked Julienne to deliver her baby, and they went through her labour together, I cried, literally cried. It was so beautiful. Anything about the two of them would be wonderful. Is it hard for Julienne to watch Bernadette forsake her vows? What are her prayers for Shelagh over the years (is Shelagh’s baby an answer to them?) Does Shelagh ever miss being Bernadette, and the life she led with Julienne and the other Sisters? How did they meet for the first time? Did Bernadette or Shelagh ever comfort Julienne after a difficult day? What does Julienne miss most about Shelagh (or vice versa)?

<i>Phyllis</i>
Phyllis is probably my favourite character on the show. I love her empathy, her kindness, and her heart of gold. Anything from her POV, whether that be a character study, a day in her life at Nonnatus, her thoughts on her fellow midwives (or her patients), a glimpse into her backstory, or a canon-style midwifery case, would be wonderful. I would also enjoy a f/f romance for Phyllis with an OFC.

<i>Phyllis &amp; Delia</i>
The bit in the show where Phyllis saw Delia &amp; Patsy together and realised their secret, and then later consoled Delia with her book of poetry, really spoke to me. I would enjoy a story from Phyllis’s POV about Delia &amp; Patsy’s romance, or a story in which Phyllis and Delia talked about it (either explicitly or obliquely). I think it would be great for Delia and Patsy to have someone on their side who they didn’t have to hide their relationship from. Or I’d also love a story where Phyllis &amp; Delia became better friends (perhaps they work on a difficult case together?)

<i>Phyllis &amp; Barbara</i>
Barbara asking Phyllis to be her bridesmaid was just so lovely. It meant so much to Phyllis to be asked, and the two of them were so cute together. Like with Delia, I’d love any story with Phyllis &amp; Barbara bonding and becoming closer, whether before Tom proposed, during the wedding preparations, or after the wedding. Whether that bonding takes place during a case they share, at the clinic, or on a quiet evening at Nonnatus House, I’d enjoy it all. I’d also enjoy a futurefic in which Phyllis is Barbara’s midwife during her first pregnancy. (Though I know Barbara has no immediate plans for that!) [Oh, one note – while I don’t dislike Tom, I’d prefer his presence to be minimal, as I’m mostly interested in Phyllis &amp; Barbara.]

<i>Delia/Patsy</i>
For Delia/Patsy, I have one main request: I want them to get that flat together! They deserve a place of their own where they can be happily domestic and in love and have hot morning sex before work/drink tea together at night/argue about whose turn it is to wash the dishes/etc. Does Patsy help Delia with her midwife studies? (How might she encourage her?) Does Delia eventually become a midwife and they end up working together? (Either in general or on a specific case?) A story about a day off they spend together, whether they stay at home or go out on the town, would be lovely too.

DNWs: Breaking up canon pairings, sympathetic characters being intolerant of queer characters, animal abuse/death, child abuse/death, father &amp; daughter relationships, polyamory.

Letter: http://categranger.dreamwidth.org/454.html


Request 2 by categranger
Jackalope Wives Series - Ursula Vernon 
Grandma Harken (Jackalope Wives)

This series may just be my favourite thing I’ve read in all of 2017. Both stories are fantastic. I love Vernon’s worldbuilding, and her prose, and her fantastically rich characters (especially Grandma Harken, of course!) She’s one of my favourite authors, and the Jackalope Wives series might just be my favourite of her works. (Although it’s extremely hard to choose.)

Grandma Harken is a wonderful character, and I would adore pretty much any story about her and her adventures. There’s a history and affection between her and the Father of Rabbits – perhaps something about the two of them! (Was/is the Father of Rabbits in love with her? Were they friends? Allies?) What if the Father of Rabbits hadn’t been able to save Grandma Harken’s jackalope skin, and the jackalope wife had been stuck as a human? What might their relationship have been like? And did Grandma Harken’s first husband die a natural death, or did Grandma Harken have something to do with it? (Or the Father of Rabbits?)

I also love Spook-cat, and Eva (what’s it like to have a mother who’s a jackalope wife?), and polite Tomas with his polite mule. As for Anna, I do ship Grandma Harken/Anna, if that interests you, but I’m also interested in their friendship if you’re a gen person. All the worldbuilding about the train gods is fascinating, and I’d love to see more about that. Or about how Anna, the Mother of Trains, sees Grandma Harken, the jackalope wife. There’s a lot of respect there, mixed in with their friendship. I like how they consulted on the Marguerite problem and pooled their knowledge (over ripe tomatoes, of course).

As for the cholla-bone girl, what would it be like to have Grandma Harken as your teacher? The line about the cholla-bone girl being “more like Grandma Harken than either of them were like fully human folk” – what’s it like for the cholla-bone girl, raised among the priests of the trains, to come to Grandma Harken and find someone like her? What does Grandma Harken teach her? What sort of adventures does she have? (If the Father of Rabbits hadn’t had Grandma Harken’s skin, and the jackalope wife had stayed human and stayed with Grandma Harken, might she have fallen in love with the cholla-bone girl? What sort of life might they have forged together, preparing to take over for Grandma Harken when the desert reclaimed her?)

DNWs: child abuse/death, father &amp; daughter relationships.

Letter: http://categranger.dreamwidth.org/454.html


Request 3 by categranger
Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers 
Gerald Wimsey Viscount St George (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers)

I’ve always loved St George. He’s irrepressible and reckless, but he has a good heart. I find it a bit curious that his parents are Denver and Helen – he doesn’t seem to take after them much. No, who he resembles the most to me is a young male version of the Dowager Duchess! Crossed with a bit of Peter, since Peter has done his best to exert some influence on him. 

Some ideas:

- St George gets involved somehow in a murder. (Is he in the wrong place at the wrong time? Romancing a young man in another college whose roommate ends up murdered? Accused of being an accessory after evidence is found hidden in his room?) Either he tries to solve it on his own first or calls in the cavalry immediately, but the ultimate upshot is that Peter and/or Harriet and/or Bunter arrive and they work it out together.
- St George falls in love with Jones of Jesus! Who in St George’s family is the first to figure out that the ‘friend’ Jerry brought back from Oxford is a bit more than a friend? (I’d love it if Peter wasn’t the first to notice.) [As I said in my general section, please don’t have any sympathetic characters be intolerant.]
- St George being an uncle to Bredon. What kind of influence is he? What kind of things do they get up to together?
- St George and his grandmother bonding. What adventures do they have together? Does either of them have any skill at detecting? (I think the Dowager does, at any rate, given her record in Clouds of Witness with Mary's charade.)

I’ve heard that Sayers said St George died in WWII, but I, unlike Sayers, don’t have a fascination with Peter becoming Duke of Denver, and I would very much like St George to stay alive. So please don’t kill him off. I also have no interest in St George having a het relationship. 

DNWs: Breaking up canon pairings, sympathetic characters being intolerant of queer characters, animal abuse/death, child abuse/death, father &amp; daughter relationships, polyamory.

Letter: http://categranger.dreamwidth.org/454.html


Request 4 by categranger
Frederica - Georgette Heyer 
Frederica Merriville, Vernon Dauntry Marquis of Alverstoke

I’m more than a little in love with Frederica. She may just be my favourite Heyer heroine (though I’d need to re-read all the books to confirm, as I like a lot of them). I adore how she’s so focused on her younger siblings, that love comes as an unlooked-for surprise. And Alverstoke! I love his character development over the course of the book – he starts as a total prick who only cares about himself and can’t even remember his nieces and nephews’ names, and then he slowly becomes more and more charmed by the Merriville family, until by the end he’s eating out of their hands. (Though he’s still a bit of a prick to other people, just not to them, which feels realistic and amuses me.) I like how his worst problem is that he’s bored and selfish, and that he falls in love not only with Frederica (though their romance is lovely), but with her entire family. 

Some of the things I’d love to read about for this book:
- Heyer books always end too abruptly! What happened after Alverstoke’s proposal? What is life like during their engagement, as Jessamy and Felix’s adventures continue to roil the household and keep it interesting, but there are more Alverstoke/Frederica stolen kisses and speaking looks? What is their honeymoon like?
- Something happens and Charis is afraid that her wedding will have to be called off! How do Frederica and Alverstoke come to the rescue?
- How do Frederica and Alverstoke help Charles and Chloë’s romance succeed? It’s not a great alliance for Chloë (unless Charles does make it big in politics), so there might be some difficulties that need to be overcome.
- Alverstoke gets in a pickle, and this time it’s the Merrivilles who have to help/rescue him. (Set anytime during the book or after.)
- Alverstoke acts like a prick to someone, and he’s a bit worried he’s going to be scolded, but it turns out Frederica doesn’t mind at all.
- - Like I mentioned in my general likes (see my letter), I’d enjoy crossovers as well. Which other Heyer heroine might Frederica fall in love with? (I’ve read and enjoyed all the Regency novels except for the Alastair-Audley series, so any of the non-AA heroines are fair game!) For crossover pairings, I am only interested in femslash.

DNWs: Breaking up canon pairings (unless writing crossover f/f), sympathetic characters being intolerant of queer characters, animal abuse/death, child abuse/death, father &amp; daughter relationships, polyamory.

Letter: http://categranger.dreamwidth.org/454.html


Request 5 by categranger
The Grand Sophy - Georgette Heyer 
Sophy Stanton-Lacy, Charles Rivenhall

Sophy is another fantastic Heyer character. I came out of <i>The Grand Sophy</i> wanting a few specific things:

- What were Sophy’s adventures like before coming to England? How did she become the Sophy who turned the Rivenhall household upside down?
- What does Sophy see in Charles? I’m not dissing him, I just mean that we don’t get to see things from her POV. What attracts her to him? When does she start to fall in love with him? How far in advance does she lay her plans? Does she ever worry that any of her plans won’t succeed?
- I would definitely be interested in Sophy overcoming Charles’s stern-ish exterior and them having all the cuddles and horse-races and flirtatious competitions.
- In general, I would love to see more of Sophy’s POV on things! She’s quite awe-inspiring beheld from the outside, but I’d love to get inside her head more.
- Further adventures with Sophy and/or Charles!
- Like I mentioned up in my general prompts, I’d enjoy crossovers as well. Which other Heyer heroine might Sophy fall in love with? (I’ve read and enjoyed all the Regency novels except for the Alastair-Audley series, so any of the non-AA heroines are fair game!) For crossover pairings, I am only interested in femslash.

DNWs: Breaking up canon pairings (unless writing crossover f/f), sympathetic characters being intolerant of queer characters, animal abuse/death, child abuse/death, father &amp; daughter relationships, polyamory.

Letter: http://categranger.dreamwidth.org/454.html


Request 6 by categranger
Sylvester or the Wicked Uncle - Georgette Heyer 
Phoebe Marlow

I love this book! The capers in France are a bit too drawn-out for my tastes, but apart from that I really enjoy the characters and their adventures. Edmund is a delight (child characters can sometimes be wearingly precocious, but I think Edmund is pitched just right), and Phoebe is amazing. I love her poison pen and her skill at lampooning the ton. To have a runaway bestseller on your very first try! Well done, Phoebe.

Things I would love for <i>Sylvester</i>:
- Phoebe and Sylvester’s mother Elizabeth bonding over their literary skill. (The book mentions that Elizabeth has had multiple books of poetry published herself.) What does Elizabeth think of Phoebe’s effort, beyond the portrayal of her son? Does she have any ideas about what Phoebe might try to write next? (Because I definitely don’t want Phoebe to give up her writing upon marriage.)
- What does Elizabeth think of Phoebe more generally? She was quite worried at the beginning of the book about the way her son had developed – what does she think of him now, after Phoebe’s influence has changed him? How do she and Phoebe bond after Phoebe and Sylvester’s marriage?
- Lady Constance is such an evil stepmother. She makes me boil. I would love to see how a more confident Phoebe might handle her former tormentor once engaged or married to Sylvester. Does Phoebe put her into one of her books as the primary villain? Say something cutting that only Sylvester fully understands?
- Any adventures with Edmund and Phoebe (and Sylvester if you want). I love the two of them together.
- While I do ship Phoebe/Sylvester, I found the proposal, journey, and second proposal unsatisfying. Perhaps an AU where Tom doesn’t walk in on them during the first proposal, and during the rest of the uninterrupted fight Phoebe realises that he actually loves her? (Although I don’t like the trope of ‘man forcibly kisses woman and she likes it’, so please avoid that.) Or perhaps Sylvester respects her no and doesn’t push her, and when they get back to England Phoebe sets up house with her governess and writes her next novel, and only after that does Sylvester reappear in her life. (Maybe something in her second novel makes him think his cause is not entirely lost?)
- Like I mentioned in my other Heyer sections, I would also love a crossover between <i>Sylvester</i> and one of Heyer’s other books (any of the Regency novels except the Alastair-Audley series), in which Phoebe fell in love with one of Heyer’s other heroines. Which of them would she be particularly suited to? How might they meet, and what adventures might they have?

DNWs: Breaking up canon pairings (unless writing crossover f/f), sympathetic characters being intolerant of queer characters, animal abuse/death, child abuse/death, father &amp; daughter relationships, polyamory.

Letter: http://categranger.dreamwidth.org/454.html


***

Request 1 by cathedralhearts
Midnight Texas (TV) 
Fiji Cavanaugh (Midnight Texas TV), Bobo Winthrop (Midnight Texas)
Letter: http://cametosmash.livejournal.com/1806.html


Request 2 by cathedralhearts
Destiny (Video Game) 
Zavala (Destiny), Cayde-6, Ikora Rey

I'm not after slash/poly fic at all. I just want a fic about some missions they went on, hijinks they got up to - tie in lore, worldbuilding, from D1 or D2 or both. You have open slather, bar the squicks mentioned in my letter.

Letter: http://cametosmash.livejournal.com/1806.html


Request 3 by cathedralhearts
Still Star-Crossed (TV) 
Benvolio Montague (Still Star-Crossed)
Letter: http://cametosmash.livejournal.com/1806.html


***

Request 1 by Catherines_Collections
Dear Evan Hansen - Pasek & Paul/Levenson 
Connor Murphy (Dear Evan Hansen), Evan Hansen, Jared Kleinman

Hello! Please avoid first person narratives (second and third are just so much more fun to read!) and also please avoid any non-con elements. Dub-con i'm dubious on (haha!) if it's written well and pertains to the story. Please no original characters as well. If it’s someone mentioned in passing (small mentions are fine I suppose but I prefer little to none.) I would love if this was an poly relationship with them each coming to love each other, but as long as Jared's not made out as only an asshole it would still be amazing! Thank you and goodluck!:)


Request 2 by Catherines_Collections
Camp Camp (Web Series) 
Max (Camp Camp)

Please no first person POV, second and third are fine! No pedophilia or underage please. I do love darker plots (such as, what if Max had never escaped the woodscounts?) but please no sexual implications at all: no sexual abuse, or non-con elements. I would prefer no shipping really, and Max-centric if possible!:) Good luck and thank you!


Request 3 by Catherines_Collections
Over the Garden Wall (Cartoon) 
Adelaide (Over the Garden Wall), The Beast (Over the Garden Wall), The Woodsman (Over the Garden Wall), Wirt (Over the Garden Wall)

Third or second person please, no first if possible! No sexual elements please. No mentions of sexual abuse or non-con. I do love darker plots (exploring the what-ifs of the unknown) but please nothing shipping centered. No pedophilia or underage as well please! Good luck and thank you!:)


Request 4 by Catherines_Collections
Newsies!: the Musical - Fierstein/Menken 
Jack Kelly (Newsies Musical)

No first person POV please, second or third are fine! Please no non-con elements, sexual abuse, or any abuse implications similar to those previously listed. No pedophilia or underage as well. This is such a lovely musical! Good luck and thank you very much!:)


Request 5 by Catherines_Collections
Now You See Me (Movies) 
Dylan Rhodes, J. Daniel Atlas, Jack Wilder, Merritt McKinney

No first person POV please, second or third are fine! Please no underage, pedophilia, non-con elements, sexual abuse, or physical abuse: really, no abuse thank you. Poly or gen or anything will be wonderful! I do enjoy darker plots (what if Rhode's moral compass was a little more skewed than originally thought?) but anything would be wonderful! These are amazing movies. Good luck and thank you!


***

Request 1 by Caudipteryx
River (TV 2015) 
John River, Jackie "Stevie" Stevenson

River/Stevie
<i>River</i> is my favorite BBC television series <i>ever</i>, and it is perfect in every way…except that there isn’t enough of it! I particularly adored the UST partnership between River and Stevie and want more of it. Tell me a pre-canon casefic story. Give me a mid-series vignette with River interacting with Stevie’s manifest. Or, after the events of the series, what happens with Stevie’s family, what does River do, and what does he most remember? Feel free to include other characters, e.g. Ira, Chrissie, Rosa, but <i>please</i> keep the focus on River’s relationship with Stevie. I don’t want to see him “cheating” on her because, quite frankly, I don’t think he would.

DNWs: AUs, Character/Ship Bashing, Gratuitous Violence/Cruelty, Heavy BDSM, Polyamory, Rape/Non-Con, Sex Changes, Torture Porn, Unrequested Ships

Likes: Everything else. Really!

Letter: http://caudipteryx.dreamwidth.org/7213.html


Request 2 by Caudipteryx
Rivers of London - Ben Aaronovitch 
Peter Grant (Rivers of London), Thomas Nightingale

Peter/Nightingale
I’ve shipped these two ever since I picked up a free galley of the first novel of the Rivers of London series at a con in NYC the better part of a decade ago, and in the years since, I’ve been disappointed by Peter’s flirtations/liaisons with seemingly everybody <i>but</i> Nightingale. So, please: Write me a story where they are having sex. The more sex—and the more sexually explicit—the better!! True Love is ideal, pining is welcome, magic is, well, magic, and eccentricity/weirdness/kink is always much enjoyed.

DNWs: AUs, Character/Ship Bashing, Gratuitous Violence/Cruelty, Heavy BDSM, Polyamory, Rape/Non-Con, Sex Changes, Torture Porn, Unrequested Ships

Likes: Everything else. Really!

Letter: http://caudipteryx.dreamwidth.org/7213.html


Request 3 by Caudipteryx
Westworld (TV) 
Robert Ford (Westworld), Bernard Lowe

Robert/Bernard; Robert &amp; Bernard
So apparently Bernard has “awakened” on multiple occasions. Tell me about one or more of those occasions: What were the circumstances? What happened? How did Robert get him back under control? I’m fascinated by his relationship with Robert—whether purely professional/platonic or otherwise: How has Robert been using him for illicit activities…amnesic hit man and/or sex slave? Or tell me more about the early days of his programming with Robert. Or after the end of Season One: How does he feel after Robert’s death, about finding out that he’s the android version of Arnold?

DNWs: AUs, Character/Ship Bashing, Gratuitous Violence/Cruelty, Heavy BDSM, Polyamory, Rape/Non-Con, Sex Changes, Torture Porn, Unrequested Ships

Likes: Everything else. Really!

Letter: http://caudipteryx.dreamwidth.org/7213.html


Request 4 by Caudipteryx
Alien: Covenant 
David 8 (Alien: Covenant)

David 8
Tell me what happened to him between the events of <i>Prometheus</i> and <i>Alien: Covenant</i>. What was he thinking? Why did he malfunction/go crazy? What <i>exactly</i> did he do to poor Elizabeth? What is he doing when he first encounters the crew of the Covenant, and how was he planning to use/experiment on all of them? How did his fight with Walter actually end? I happily read David shipped with Elizabeth, Daniels, or Walter—please feel free to write any of these pairings!

DNWs: AUs, Character/Ship Bashing, Gratuitous Violence/Cruelty, Heavy BDSM, Polyamory, Rape/Non-Con, Sex Changes, Torture Porn, Unrequested Ships

Likes: Everything else. Really!

Letter: http://caudipteryx.dreamwidth.org/7213.html


***

Request 1 by Caveat_Lector
The Bold Type 
Jacqueline Carlyle, Jane Sloan, Kat Edison, Sutton Brady

No need to include all characters, you can write about one or more as you see fit!

One of my favourite things about the series is the absence of the usual backstabbing and rivalry that often infests anything with friendships between multiple main female characters, especially if it's set in a workplace, and even more so if one of them is the boss. It's very refreshing, and honestly I can't get enough of that. I'd prefer any relationships (I love Adena too) to take second place to that, though it's absolutely welcome.

That doesn't mean it needs to be just like an episode, of course. Throw them in the deep end of something, have a disaster (or a mini-disaster) happen, let zombies invade, aliens take over, pink unicorns run rampant... crossover, dream or something more realistic, I don't mind. Just let the characters do what they would do and I'll be happy :)

Letter: http://caveat-lector.dreamwidth.org/5972.html


Request 2 by Caveat_Lector
Banshee (TV) 
Job (Banshee)

Anything at all you want to write will be great (except anything mentioned below), but if there's conflict I'd like Job to end up victorious. Classic Job putting scumbags down while being fabulous and swearing up a storm is my life. 

If you want to go a bit darker, future fic would be great. I have trouble seeing Job suffer too much, so please no death or more torture. I think there's been quite enough of that already. I don't need a quick happy ending fix, though, I'd be thrilled with a fic exploring the after effects of Job's bad experiences. Just have things heading in at least a better direction by the end if you can!

Letter: http://caveat-lector.dreamwidth.org/5972.html


Request 3 by Caveat_Lector
Conviction (TV 2016) 
Hayes Morrison

I just need more of Hayes being Hayes. Case fic, something focusing on working together with one of her team members, or Hayes having a wild interlude past or present all equally welcome. 

If you want to go wilder, then feel free to bring in anything you like, realistic or not. Have them work a case for an alien, have zombies invade the offices, have Hayes wake up in any different reality you like - just have fun :)

Letter: http://caveat-lector.dreamwidth.org/5972.html


***

Request 1 by cefyr
Historical Farm (UK TV) 
Ruth Goodman (Historical Farm), Peter Ginn (Historical Farm), Alex Langlands (Historical Farm)

These are my go-to shows for when I want to watch people being enthusiastic and/or competent. I love them all in different ways. I 've been trying to figure out which one is my favourite but it turns out the answer is aaall of them, although I may have an extra soft spot for Tales from the Green Valley because that was the first one I saw. I really couldn't choose a favourite of Alex, Peter or Ruth either, because all three of them are The Best Ever for different reasons. I love their enthusiasm and their thirst for knowledge, and the way Alex pronounces words, and Peter's fondness for pigs and Ruth making happy noises when she gets new kitchen appliances. And I love the way they squee about ancient things but never forget to point out that this doesn't necessarily mean they would want to go back and live there (especially Ruth).

Please note that I don't in any way dislike Tom or the Wartime Farm dog, I just felt it would be unfair to ask for Any and then play favourites, so to speak. If the fic of your heart is centred around Tom or the dog, with any combination of Ruth, Peter and/or Alex in the background, I would be most interested to read it! Please feel free not to include all of my requested characters here :)

Because of the way the series work, I would especially like to point out that I'm equally happy with fic about the makings of the programmes, and fic set in a historical AU where they actually work on a farm. Any era is fine (including historical eras not shown in the series), and any combination of characters - I love everyone and everything and if you want to write slash or het I'm all for it, likewise if you want to write them being really good friends, or just being enthusiastic and/or competent on their own. (Bonus points for including Peter being fond of pigs, though.)

For more general info, please read my Yuletide Letter.

Letter: http://cefyr.dreamwidth.org/18260.html


Request 2 by cefyr
Cadfael Chronicles - Ellis Peters 

Anything in the universe would please me as long as it's not much sadder than the books. Case-fic would be lovely, of course, even if it's the tiny case of Cadfael figuring out some small mystery in the abbey, but if you have other ideas, please feel free to write something else.

In general, I like the way Cadfael and Hugh work together to get around the constraint laid on them by loyalties and such. Even better if they have to ask for help from Sister Magdalen and/or Aline because the case involves either of them. Maybe Sister Magdalen has to figure out what to do on her own? Or you could put some/all of the nominated characters in the background and write about other people in the same universe, with or without murder cases to solve.

If there's one thing I especially like about the books, it's the friendships in them. I love that they aren't just stories about murders and civil war and being divided by loyalties and young people in love, but that in the background people keep living their lives, tending their gardens and (often) trusting each other and (mostly) keeping each other's secrets. However, if you prefer to write about love and murder and loyalty and war, please go ahead! 

For more general info, please read my Yuletide Letter.

Letter: http://cefyr.dreamwidth.org/18260.html


Request 3 by cefyr
Sky Captain & the World of Tomorrow (2004) 

I would love any extension of this universe (including, if you wish, un-nominated characters like Totenkopf or members of the Legion). Tell me more about Franky's background! About what it's like to work in the Flying Legion! About what happens after the movie! About Dex and Joe bickering and getting together, or Joe and Polly, or Polly and Franky! Write new adventures or make them tell each other about old ones! All I ask is that you don't make it really dark and serious.

I love this movie because it uses all of the old movie cliches and never pretends to be serious about it. I love the fabulous and impossible technology and the gigantic hangars and the marching robots and the amphibious/underwater planes and the snappy dialogue and the competent people. I love the fact that it's Dex and not Polly who needs to be saved, and that the Brits have a woman with an eye-patch commanding airships. (I also love the airships.) 

For more general info, please read my Yuletide Letter.

Letter: http://cefyr.dreamwidth.org/18260.html


Request 4 by cefyr
Agatha Christie's Miss Marple: Nemesis (TV 1987) 
Miss Cooke (Agatha Christie's Miss Marple: Nemesis (TV 1987)), Miss Barrow (Agatha Christie's Miss Marple: Nemesis (TV 1987))

This is one of the few fandoms where I'm mostly interested in a certain pairing, because they seem so fabulous and are so very easy to read as lesbians in this version of the story. However, if you want to write them as friends (queer or otherwise), please do! I just want them to be as competent as in the canon, and have motorbikes and work together and possibly flirt and/or solve crime. Maybe write their backstories? Or missing scenes, showing their take on what happened in canon? Or completely different adventures?

For more general info, please read my Yuletide Letter.

Letter: http://cefyr.dreamwidth.org/18260.html


***

Request 1 by celaenos
Wonder Woman (2017) 
Diana Prince (Wonder Woman 2017)

This movie cleared my skin, watered my crops, etc. etc. Gal Gadot was so, so perfect as Diana and it was absolutely my favorite thing about this film. I'm very much interested in Diana after the events of the first movie, and actually getting to see her interact more with other women. I have sporadic and sparse comic knowledge, and am not worried about being spoiled on anything, so add or leave out any of that to your heart's content. I have also seen the other DCCU movies, and adored Diana in BvS, so, same goes for that.

DNWs and more general likes and prompts are in my letter:)

Letter: http://celaenos.dreamwidth.org/2970.html


Request 2 by celaenos
The Good Place (TV) 
Eleanor Shellstrop, Tahani Al-Jamil

I love this clever little show and everyone in it. I am all caught up and will be staying caught up as this season goes on, so feel free to use current canon as it develops. These two slowly and begrudgingly semi gaining respect for each other was one of my favorite things about season one, along with Eleanor's clear attraction. When she said, "sidenote, I might legit be into Tahani," reader, I died and I think I might need 50k about them dealing with that and also making out in between teasing Chidi and trying to deal with being in The Bad Place. WHAT HAPPENED DURING ATTEMPT NUMBER 218? I adore the execution of this show so far, and I really love the core four and Janet, so feel free to include any and all of them as you wish.

DNWs and more general likes and prompts are in my letter:)

Letter: http://celaenos.dreamwidth.org/2970.html


Request 3 by celaenos
Sweet/Vicious (TV) 
Jules Thomas, Ophelia Mayer

This show was taken from us too fucking soon. I am so, so sad about it still. I really loved Jules and Ophelia's relationship and the development over the course of the season, and I would LOVE to have it been taken even further. Romantic or platonic, I am 100% HERE FOR IT. I also ADORE Kennedy and her relationship with Jules, and Harris and his relationship with Ophelia. I would love to see the four of them interacting if your heart so desires.

DNWs and more general likes and prompts are in my letter:)

Letter: http://celaenos.dreamwidth.org/2970.html


Request 4 by celaenos
Killjoys (TV) 
Dutch (Killjoys), Aneela (Killjoys), Delle Seyah Kendry

I asked for all three of them because I HAVE SUCH A BURNING DESIRE TO SEE THEM INTERACT TOGETHER. Dutch interacting with other women in general is my favorite thing, and I've always adored her scenes with Delle Seyah, and then SURPRISE Aneela and Delle Seyah happened, and I did not think that I was going to go so hard for murder space girlfriends, but I should have known better, because that is absolutely my thing. If you are more interested in writing Aneela/Delle, that's fine, and i'm TOTALLY HAPPY to read about them and their soon to be murder baby, it's just that Dutch is my fav, and I think her relationship with Aneela is SO INTERESTING especially with the events of the season three finale!! I also ADORE Dutch and Johnny's friendship, and don't hate Ducth/D'av, and love the addition of Zeph, so, any and all combinations of that you would like to add, go wild.

DNWs and more general likes and prompts are in my letter:)

Letter: http://celaenos.dreamwidth.org/2970.html


***

Request 1 by celer
Terra Ignota - Ada Palmer 

Matching the style of the novels is hard, but it's very much what I'm hoping for. I'd prefer no explicit sex in this one.


Request 2 by celer
Killjoys (TV) 
Dutch (Killjoys), Pawter Simms, Delle Seyah Kendry

I'm hoping for emotions, conflict, and a threesome.


Request 3 by celer
Kingkiller Chronicles - Patrick Rothfuss 
Devi (Kingkiller Chronicles)

Any sort of story that centers Devi would be lovely.


***

Request 1 by celeria
Maleficent (2014) 
Maleficent (Disney 2014), Aurora (Disney 2014)

I finally got around to watching this movie late last year, and I'll be honest when I say I'm in the camp that considers it a big ball of femslash, but I'd also be happy with a story that focuses on a platonic or parental relationship between Maleficent and Aurora.

Letter: http://celeria.dreamwidth.org


Request 2 by celeria
Sleeping Beauty (1959) 
Aurora (Sleeping Beauty (1959))

If you're writing in this fandom, I'd love to read a story that gives us a little more insight into Aurora as a person, not just the catalyst for all the events of the movie.  In particular, I've always thought that it's SUPER WEIRD that she runs up and hugs her mother at the end of the movie, given that she'd have no clue who her mother even was.  And assuming that she marries Phillip fairly soon, she will probably never have a parent-child relationship with her actual parents -- so I think it would be interesting to know how she feels about any or all of those people, including the three good fairies.

Letter: http://celeria.dreamwidth.org


Request 3 by celeria
Popular (TV) 
Brooke McQueen, Sam McPherson

I loved this show (although I only ever watched it on DVD after it aired), so I'm super stoked that it's eligible for Yuletide again.  Brooke/Sam is totally my femslash OTP, but if that's not your thing, I'd be happy to see some kind of exploration of their sister relationship after the events of season 2.  I am totally fine with you ignoring what Ryan Murphy said he planned to have happen in season 3.

Letter: http://celeria.dreamwidth.org


Request 4 by celeria
Star Trek: The Next Generation RPF 

TNG was my first Star Trek and is still my favorite series, and I love that the cast is still good friends with each other.  I don't really have any specific requests here.  This does seem like a good fandom for a funny, light-hearted story, if that's your thing.

Letter: http://celeria.dreamwidth.org


***

Request 1 by celeste9
The Bourne Legacy (2012) 
Outcome 3 (Bourne Legacy)

For more detailed likes, prompts, etc, please see my letter.

I really want to know Outcome #3's story. Who is he? What's his deal? Why is he stuck up in the middle of nowhere? If he did fall in love with someone, who was it, and was it mutual? (Outcome #4? Marta? Jason Bourne? ...?) What does he get up to with Aaron in that cabin? If you write him surviving the explosion, I would really love that. I'd love to know what happens to him after, if he gets caught, if he goes on the run, if he meets up with Aaron and Marta...

DNWs: mpreg, A/B/O, knotting, non-con, soulmates or anything with predetermination, love spells/potions, character or ship bashing, character death for the explicit purpose of freeing up a character romantically, non-canon kids and pregnancy, childbirth, always a girl

Letter: http://celeste9.dreamwidth.org/257373.html


Request 2 by celeste9
Drive (2011) 
Standard Gabriel, Irene Gabriel, Driver (Drive 2011)

For more detailed likes, prompts, etc, please see my letter.

I would love fic that explores Standard's relationships with Irene and/or the driver. (If all three characters don't appear in the story, that's okay, I am into OT3 fic but would happily accept other variations as well.) I would ask that if you choose to focus the story on Standard and the driver, please don't fail to acknowledge Irene's importance to both of them. Would love an AU scenario where Standard survives as well as anything set during the course of the film, or background for Standard and Irene. If you'd be interested in writing Standard, Irene, and the driver all running off together to raise Benicio, I would be interested in reading it!

DNWs: mpreg, A/B/O, knotting, non-con, soulmates or anything with predetermination, love spells/potions, character or ship bashing, character death for the explicit purpose of freeing up a character romantically, non-canon kids and pregnancy, childbirth, always a girl

Letter: http://celeste9.dreamwidth.org/257373.html


Request 3 by celeste9
Dunkirk (2017) 
Farrier (Dunkirk)

For more detailed likes, prompts, etc, please see my letter.

I would love anything about Farrier, backstory, his experience during the war, fic exploring what happens to him in the end, AU scenarios where that doesn't happen, or futurefic. Angst, action, whatever. Collins is welcome if you like, either in friendship or shipfic. I'm open to non-canon AUs as well.

DNWs: mpreg, A/B/O, knotting, non-con, soulmates or anything with predetermination, love spells/potions, character or ship bashing, character death for the explicit purpose of freeing up a character romantically, non-canon kids and pregnancy, childbirth, always a girl

Letter: http://celeste9.dreamwidth.org/257373.html


Request 4 by celeste9
Inside Llewyn Davis (2013) 
Llewyn Davis

For more detailed likes, prompts, etc, please see my letter.

I would welcome any sort of fic about Llewyn, with the inclusion of any (or none!) of the film's supporting characters as you see fit. Backstory would be awesome, as would post-canon fic. I'm really interested in the relationship between Llewyn and Mike (whether friendship or romance or something complicated somewhere in between), and I'm also intrigued by the messy drama between Llewyn and Jean. Or write about Llewyn and the cat! Or Llewyn and Al! Slice of life fic would be nice also, how Llewyn gets by in the day to day, or anything exploring Llewyn's relationship with his art. I greatly appreciate the darkly humorous, melancholy tone of the film so would be in awe of replication of that feel.

DNWs: mpreg, A/B/O, knotting, non-con, soulmates or anything with predetermination, love spells/potions, character or ship bashing, character death for the explicit purpose of freeing up a character romantically, non-canon kids and pregnancy, childbirth, always a girl

Letter: http://celeste9.dreamwidth.org/257373.html


Request 5 by celeste9
A Most Violent Year (2014) 
Abel Morales, Anna Morales

For more detailed likes, prompts, etc, please see my letter.

I would love more about the fabulous power couple of Abel and Anna. Anything about their history together would be amazing, how they met, how they fell in love, how they built the business, the sacrifices they made, the secrets they kept (we know Anna did, but was there anything else they weren't honest about? Or just delve into Anna's huge money secret if you want). Post-movie fic would be lovely too. They are also super sexy and I would enjoy fic to that effect!

DNWs: mpreg, A/B/O, knotting, non-con, soulmates or anything with predetermination, love spells/potions, character or ship bashing, character death for the explicit purpose of freeing up a character romantically, non-canon kids and pregnancy, childbirth, always a girl

Letter: http://celeste9.dreamwidth.org/257373.html


Request 6 by celeste9
The Two Faces of January (2014) 
Rydal Keener, Chester MacFarland, Colette MacFarland

For more detailed likes, prompts, etc, please see my letter.

I am endlessly fascinated by the complicated dynamics of this trio. There's so much going on beneath the surface of their interactions with each other and so much that's not being said, I would love seeing that explored. I don't necessarily need all three characters to physically appear in the fic, but I would appreciate an acknowledgement of them all, whether it's through internal dialogue, actual dialogue, dream sequence/fantasies, whatever happens to work best. I'm definitely into OT3 but feel free to explore that in whatever way works for you.

DNWs: mpreg, A/B/O, knotting, non-con, soulmates or anything with predetermination, love spells/potions, character or ship bashing, character death for the explicit purpose of freeing up a character romantically, non-canon kids and pregnancy, childbirth, always a girl

Letter: http://celeste9.dreamwidth.org/257373.html


***

Request 1 by celli
Pod Save America (RPF) 
Tommy Vietor (Pod Save America RPF), Jon Lovett (Pod Save America RPF), Jon Favreau (Pod Save America RPF)

More detail if needed in my letter, but short version loves: fun, crackfic, AUs and crossovers okay, women being awesome. Triggers: any flavor of dub-con/non-con/abuse/assault, adultery.

I love all permutations of Favs/Lovett/Tommy, so pick your pairing or your brot3 and go to town! I also love Alyssa, Dan and DeRay if you want to have them in and around the fic. As for prompts, I would love AUs: Regency AUs are my Kryptonite, not gonna lie, or meeting differently, or any of them running for office. If you prefer to stick closer to canon, I love both the White House era and current life in West Hollywood.

Letter: http://celli.dreamwidth.org/1353426.html


Request 2 by celli
The Murderbot Diaries - Martha Wells 

More detail if needed in my letter, but short version loves: fun, crackfic, AUs and crossovers okay, women being awesome. Triggers: any flavor of dub-con/non-con/abuse/assault, adultery.

Okay, so we know there's more Murderbot coming next year, but we have so much we can do before then! (Note: I've read the advance snippets for the next novella, but free to use or ignore them as you please.)  What do you think the Murderbot does next? What do you think happened to earn it that nickname? Where was it made, does it make any friends, does it ever write more letters to Dr. Mensah?

Letter: http://celli.dreamwidth.org/1353426.html


Request 3 by celli
Beat Bobby Flay 
Alex Guarnaschelli (Beat Bobby Flay), Bobby Flay (Beat Bobby Flay)

More detail if needed in my letter, but short version loves: fun, crackfic, AUs and crossovers okay, women being awesome. Triggers: any flavor of dub-con/non-con/abuse/assault, adultery.

The idea that prompted me to request this: a show where you have to Beat Alex Guarnaschelli (or something like that) and Bobby is a contestant. Other things that might be awesome: more of Alex behind the judging table, the two of them competing for any reason, a day in the life of the show.

Letter: http://celli.dreamwidth.org/1353426.html


Request 4 by celli
Wonder Woman (2017) 
Diana Prince (Wonder Woman 2017), Steve Trevor (Wonder Woman 2017)

More detail if needed in my letter, but short version loves: fun, crackfic, AUs and crossovers okay, women being awesome. Triggers: any flavor of dub-con/non-con/abuse/assault, adultery.

Okay, I am a romantic dork when it comes to this movie, and you could 100% save Steve Trevor and put him and Diana in love forever and I would probably cry ugly tears. Just saying. I'd also love more of them in canon (their boat journey or their one night together). I'm a huge fan of all the supporting characters here, so feel free to throw in Amazons (Menalippe is my fave) or Sameer, the Chief, and/or Charlie. I'm happy with gen or m/m or f/f too, don't let me tie you down to one pairing if you don't feel it.

Letter: http://celli.dreamwidth.org/1353426.html


***

Request 1 by CenozoicSynapsid
Possession - A. S. Byatt 

Possession unites two things I love for quite different reasons: academics doing what they love, and Victorian poets. I really enjoy Byatt's intelligence and attention to detail, and the way she can make postmodern comments about literature without making you take her characters less seriously.
I'd really enjoy a story about Maud: how does her discovery work out for her? She'll have to deal with classes full of students who saw her on television once, and the other dubious rewards of academic fame.
But I'd also enjoy a story about Christabel, Randolph and/or Ellen, if that's something you'd rather write. Again, I'm curious about their later lives. How did they feel, and what did they write about, when it was all over?


Request 2 by CenozoicSynapsid
Cottingley Fairies Hoax RPF 

If you didn't match on this, it's worth reading about--- the Wikipedia article is pretty good. Long story short, it's that time when two teenage girls messing around with a camera convinced the world's foremost author of detective stories that there were real living fairies living in their back yard. The girls didn't actually admit to faking the pictures until the 1980s.
I'm not looking for a story about real living fairies... I've read plenty of those. I'm looking for a story about the kind of silliness that seems to embody the spirit of its age. Or, if you prefer a darker perspective, the kind of prank that's unexpectedly difficult to let go of. Feel free to write about the events of the hoax itself, or look at the girls long after their 15 minutes of fame have lapsed.


Request 3 by CenozoicSynapsid
Flatland - Edwin A. Abbott 

Everyone's favorite Victorian YA math textbook. Except maybe Lewis Carroll's Symbolic Logic? Anyway...
I would be interested to see more details of the society and technology of Flatland, perhaps in another historical period, past or future, or in a faraway place. Feel free to make fun of our society, or Abbott's, or both.  I'd really love it if your story touched on some mathematical concepts as well, but if that isn't your strong suit, that's fine.


***

Request 1 by chantefable
The Red House Mystery - A. A. Milne 
Antony Gillingham, Bill Beverly
Letter: http://chantefable.dreamwidth.org/234647.html


Request 2 by chantefable
Grayson (Comics) 
Dick Grayson (Grayson (Comics)), Midnighter (Grayson (Comics))
Letter: http://chantefable.dreamwidth.org/234647.html


Request 3 by chantefable
Midnighter and Apollo (Comics) 
Midnighter (Midnighter and Apollo), Apollo (Midnighter and Apollo)
Letter: http://chantefable.dreamwidth.org/234647.html


Request 4 by chantefable
Midnighter | Midnighter and Apollo (Orlando) 
Midnighter (Orlando), Dick Grayson (Orlando), Apollo (Orlando)
Letter: http://chantefable.dreamwidth.org/234647.html


Request 5 by chantefable
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice 
Letter: http://chantefable.dreamwidth.org/234647.html


Request 6 by chantefable
Rejseholdet | Unit One 
Allan Fischer, Thomas La Cour
Letter: http://chantefable.dreamwidth.org/234647.html


***

Request 1 by chaosmanor
Genghis Khan - Miike Snow (Music Video) 
Gold Nose Villain (Genghis Khan - Miike Snow), Secret Agent (Genghis Khan - Miike Snow)

I wrote in this micro-fandom for Yuletide last year, and loooooved the whole process. Receiving a story this year as well would make me ridiculously happy. I'd like to see the whole icky Betrayed Woman storyline just fixed. Apart from that, have fun! The world is so fabulously over the top that anything can be justified in a story. (Please no non-con or character death.)

Letter: http://chaosmanor.dreamwidth.org/477687.html


Request 2 by chaosmanor
Drop the Dead Donkey 

I have always adored Drop the Dead Donkey, and Joy is my favourite character. The canon doesn't show a lot about her, so I'd love to know more. Tell me about her secret artistic life. Her inner monologue on a work day. What she does in her down time. Her personal spiritual journey exploring meditation and mindfulness. Anything! (I usually ask for no character deaths, but I think that's an unreasonable restriction in a Joy story, so break out the chainsaws and trebuchets if you need to.)

If Joy isn't a character you connect with, then please write a story that makes you happy, because anything you write in the Drop the Dead Donky world is going to delight me.

Letter: http://chaosmanor.dreamwidth.org/477687.html


Request 3 by chaosmanor
Teachers (UK TV) 

I love the gritty realism of the teaching workload mixed with the bizzare surrealist touches of Teachers. This is awesome stuff! 

I'm happy to consider the series as complete at the end of Season 3, with the mess of Season 4 some kind of terrible mushroom trip mistake, perhaps. 

Kurt and Brian are the pairing of my heart, but Simon is a fabulous disaster too. 

I'd like to know what really happened with Simon tried to leave the UK to go travelling? Or perhaps how really thorough Jenny's mentoring of Penny was? Anything would be awesome! 

Non-con and character death would make me sad.

Letter: http://chaosmanor.dreamwidth.org/477687.html


***

Request 1 by chasesstarlight
NXT 
Kana | Asuka (NXT), Kairi Sane (NXT), Aleister Black | Tommy End (NXT)
Letter: http://chasesstarlight.dreamwidth.org/1753.html


Request 2 by chasesstarlight
新日本プロレス | New Japan Pro-Wrestling 
Naito Tetsuya (NJPW), Kenny Omega (NJPW), Ibushi Kota (NJPW), Takahashi Hiromu (NJPW)
Letter: http://chasesstarlight.dreamwidth.org/1753.html


Request 3 by chasesstarlight
Strike (TV 2017) 
Robin Ellacott (Strike (TV 2017)), Cormoran Strike (Strike (TV 2017))
Letter: http://chasesstarlight.dreamwidth.org/1753.html


***

Request 1 by chase_acow
The Love Interest - Cale Dietrich 
Caden Walker, Dylan (The Love Interest)

While I liked the premise, I really wish there'd been more with the good/bad dichotomy, both between the boys and inside Caden. Also, I really longed for some intimacy between them. I liked all the characters, otherwise so use who you want, just be nice to the girls too, okay?


Request 2 by chase_acow
BioShock Infinite 
Booker DeWitt (BioShock Infinite)

I don't really know what I want here? I love the universe and the game mechanics, and Booker's fate makes me so sad. It's weird, but I'd like the mechanics to show up if it fits, drinking Salts, resurrecting, tears, money, vending machines. Like it's their reality, and they live in it.


Request 3 by chase_acow
Zorro (TV 1990) 

This show is near and dear to my heart, I love it so much. I'd love a xmas story, I thought the episodes they did were wonderful, and I honestly can't get enough cheesy cheer.


Request 4 by chase_acow
World War Z - Max Brooks 

Request 5 by chase_acow
Practical Magic (1998) 

Christmas is a time for magic too. Even if sometimes, dark magic creeps in. I love all the women, and the townspeople. I'd love to have that women for women feeling last. I have read the book if you want to contaminate canon a little, but I do prefer the movie.


***

Request 1 by chelseafrew
Cinderella (2015) 
Prince "Kit" Charming (Cinderella 2015), Ella | Cinderella (Cinderella (2015))

I love this movie way more than I probably should! I would love a Kit-centered story. My favourite thing about this movie was that they gave Kit a backstory of sorts, and he was more than just Prince Charming. I'd love something about his growing-up years, the movie from his POV, post-movie fic. As long as it's centered around him, I'll love it, I'm sure.  (P.S. Ella wouldn't come up as a character, and I had to enter her manually. I would be happy with her inclusion, but it's not necessary if you choose a plot that doesn't involve her.)

Letter: http://chelseafrew.livejournal.com/157497.html


Request 2 by chelseafrew
Frequency (2000) 
John Sullivan (Frequency (2000)), Frank Sullivan (Frequency (2000))

This is, most possibly, my favorite movie of all time. I received a wonderful story featuring this movie in a Yuletide several years ago, and I decided to be greedy and ask for more! First of all, please feel free to include other characters from the movie or just John or just Frank. I won't complain as long as it's about this wonderful movie. Second, I thought I would share my favorite moment in the movie (so you have some context about what I love about it): When John talks to his mother on the ham radio, and it's after he lost her as a small boy, so he both remembers her as a grown man and as a little boy who lost his mom. Heartbreaking! The angst in this movie is what gets me every time I watch it. Whatever you can think of for this--missing scene, coda, prequel--will make me extremely happy. Go to town!

Letter: http://chelseafrew.livejournal.com/157497.html


Request 3 by chelseafrew
Kings (TV 2009) 
Jack Benjamin

This was my favorite show of 2009, bar none. I am a huge fan of the Jack/Joseph pairing, so anything involving them would be awesome (either pre-Pilgrimage or fix-it). If Jack/Joseph does not float your boat (in the way that Jack/David does not float mine), I would be thrilled with a Jack character piece. He was my favorite character, and I'd love to see him explored further (either pre-show, missing scene, or what might have happened if the show had been picked up for another season).

Letter: http://chelseafrew.livejournal.com/157497.html


Request 4 by chelseafrew
The Martian (2015) 
Beth Johanssen (The Martian 2015), Chris Beck (The Martian 2015)

I would love to see more about these two. In particular, how did they get from Johanssen's kiss on Beck's helmet to a baby? Details, please! (I am a huge Sebastian Stan fan, hence the love for both this and Kings, so focusing on Beck is fine by me!)

Letter: http://chelseafrew.livejournal.com/157497.html


Request 5 by chelseafrew
The Night Shift (TV 2014) 
Drew Alister, Rick Lincoln

This was my summer obsession this year. I burned through the entire series in just under a month. Drew and Rick are my favourite characters, and I would love a story focused on them. How did they meet? How's life at home with Brianna? How do they deal with Rick's injury? Maybe some future fic? Are there more kids in the cards? Do they get married? Take them wherever you wish, and I am sure to enjoy every word!

Letter: http://chelseafrew.livejournal.com/157497.html


***

Request 1 by chelseagirl
Strange Empire (TV) 
Kat Loving, Morgan Finn, Caleb Mecredi, Isabelle Slotter

I am totally in love with this show, and would really be happy reading almost anything about it.  Things I am particularly interested in:  Kat/Mecredi, anything from loving and happy to angsty and tragic.  And I would like to see Morgan Finn find happiness, whether with Rebecca, Miss Logan, or otherwise.  I'm also super-interested in the season-ending cliffhangers:  does Kat find Jeremiah and is she able to help him?  how does Isabelle deal with the balance of power between Ling, Cornelius and herself?  I do prefer things to be more plot and/or character oriented, with romance being more of a pivot point than the heart of things.  Since I'm asking for multiple Western fandoms, if you want to cross any of them over, that would be amazing -- I'm find with bending time-lines, though I'm not a big fan of AUs outside of context.

Letter: http://chelseagirl.dreamwidth.org/487898.html


Request 2 by chelseagirl
Alias Smith and Jones 
Hannibal Heyes | Joshua Smith, Jed "Kid" Curry | Thaddeus Jones

A long-ago fandom recently rediscovered, if you've offered to write in this fandom, I will be delighted to read what you write.  I prefer them as friends, rather than romantically linked, and I do like things that are plot or character heavy.  Whether you want to go lighthearted or angsty, I'm good, and any time frame -- during their criminal days, during the series, or post-amnesty.

Since I'm asking for multiple Western fandoms, I'd be delighted if you crossed any of them over -- I'm fine with bending timelines, though not a big fan of AUs outside of context.

Letter: http://chelseagirl.dreamwidth.org/487898.html


Request 3 by chelseagirl
Deadwood 
Al Swearengen, Alma Garret, Seth Bullock

Ever since this show was first aired on HBO, I have had a rare pairing I've wanted to see more of -- Al/Alma.  Only towards the end of the series, when she's come into her own as a powerful person in her own right, but I've imagined them as a power couple -- whether actually involved or just doing the marriage of convenience thing.  There are a few great stories like that on here, and I would love to see another one.  If not, anything complicated and nonromantic involving Al and Seth, or an Al/Alma/Seth triangle (romantic or not) works for me.
Since I'm asking for multiple Western fandoms, I'd be delighted if you crossed any of them over -- I'm find with bending timelines, though not a big fan of AUs further away from context.

Letter: http://chelseagirl.dreamwidth.org/487898.html


Request 4 by chelseagirl
The Defenders (Marvel TV) 
Jessica Jones (The Defenders (Marvel TV)), Luke Cage (The Defenders (Marvel TV)), Trish Walker (The Defenders (Marvel TV))

I am a sad, pitiful Jessica/Luke shipper.  Even though I know Jessica is a mess, even though I know Claire is better for Luke, even though a lot of other things, I keep mumbling "but they got married in the comics" and also whenever I walk past Vazac's in the East Village (which was Luke's bar in JJ), I look for Luke through the windows even though I know he is not real and will not be there.   Anything with these two would delight me, whether it's angsty or hot or happy or tragic or whatever.  I also adore Jessica and Trish's complicated, messy, devoted and very real friendship.

Letter: http://chelseagirl.dreamwidth.org/487898.html


***

Request 1 by cher
Thelma and Louise (1991) 
Louise Sawyer, Thelma Dickinson

What I most love about this movie is the discovery of self and the way the whole world looks different when someone can show you the way. I loved these two wild women letting loose. I love road stories, and the way a person's road - or travelling - self can be someone quite different to the everyday. 

I don't particularly ship them, but please do feel free to write anything from gen to one sided pining to Thelma's Lesbian Awakening to "Thelma keeps picking up guys what is my life". 

Prompts:
Between the worlds: I have this great wish for post-canon. Thelma and Louise: Avenging Road Ghosts. Or road tripping ghosts, the avenging's not necessary. I'd just love to see them carrying on, in their joyful way. Maybe, in a place like their canyon, the willing sacrifice of two lives in the name of freedom opens some doors. And now people see a ghost car and two laughing women, and female travelers know that if they see a green Thunderbird, any man tries to mess with them is in trouble. 

Life colliding with the new: If they had made it back to their everyday lives, what might have changed? Anything? Everything? 

Into the sunset: And if they'd made it to Mexico? Then what? 

Outside observer: In-movie, one of them reflecting on the other, or Hal's observations of them. 

General DNW: Non-con, dub-con, incest, any kind of explicit or implied sexual relationship between an adult and child or teenager - or in a mentor/student relationship, humiliation in any context (including awkward sex), infidelity, deathfic, pregnancy, kidfic, animal harm, eye injury, Trump in any form. And a cephalopod (squid, octopus) phobia, um. Although tentaclefic is fine, so long as there is no actual cephalopod, go figure.

Letter: http://sylvertongue.dreamwidth.org/265910.html


Request 2 by cher
Sparrow Hill Road - Seanan McGuire 

The language and the magic of this universe! I love everything about it. Please tell me more about the routewitches and the ghost roads and the midnight Americas. Tell me about the romance and horror of the road and its travellers. 

Tell me about Rose, or anyone else you care to. Worldbuilding, if you like. 

I'm sorry this is so brief - I haven't read this in a long time, and am waiting for a copy to reread, or I would be more interesting in my prompts. I loved the world so very, very much - it has the coolest magic system I think I might ever have seen. 

What's it like to fall toward the ghostside?

General DNW: Non-con, dub-con, incest, any kind of explicit or implied sexual relationship between an adult and child or teenager - or in a mentor/student relationship, humiliation in any context (including awkward sex), infidelity, deathfic, pregnancy, kidfic, animal harm, eye injury, Trump in any form. And a cephalopod (squid, octopus) phobia, um. Although tentaclefic is fine, so long as there is no actual cephalopod, go figure.

Letter: http://sylvertongue.dreamwidth.org/265910.html


Request 3 by cher
The Wood Wife - Terri Windling 

This book. *This book*. I love it so much. I love that it's about an artist and her relationship and struggle with her art. I love, so much, that it's about personification of place and the magic in nature. I love that all the spirit creatures are dual-natured and might be helpful or hurtful. It is just so great, this book. You can write about anything at all, including characters not nominated, and I'll be so happy. (I'd prefer gen or non-explicit fic for this particular fandom.)

Ideas: Maggie, getting her poetry back. Does she go back to Cooper's house? Does she stay with Fox? What does her future relationship with the spirit creatures look like? I'd be really interested to read about Anna Neverra's early adventures with the mountains, if you're so inclined. (Though please note my Do Not Wants below if you tackle Anna.)  Dora: Does she start making time for her own art? What does a 'day in the life' working at the bookshop look like? I'm interested in Dora's own creative life and her friendship with Maggie. Crow: Trickster stories are the best. Anything with Crow is great.

General DNW: Non-con, dub-con, incest, any kind of explicit or implied sexual relationship between an adult and child or teenager - or in a mentor/student relationship, humiliation in any context (including awkward sex), infidelity, deathfic, pregnancy, kidfic, animal harm, eye injury, Trump in any form. And a cephalopod (squid, octopus) phobia, um. Although tentaclefic is fine, so long as there is no actual cephalopod, go figure.

Letter: http://sylvertongue.dreamwidth.org/265910.html


Request 4 by cher
Cass Neary Series - Elizabeth Hand 
Cass Neary

This series is very nearly perfection to me. The cheerful grimdarkness of it, the macabre and the strange, and the art, always the art. I don't - like - Cass exactly, but I do love her as a character. Her nihilism, her indestructibility, her unrelenting drive. Her cheerful amoral nature and her moments of kindness. 

So I'd like to know more about her and her world. I've read all three currently available books (Generation Loss, Available Dark, Hard Light) and would enjoy fic set it any of them, or backstory, or futurefic. 

Prompts:
Cass learning to use digital cameras - what might that change for her? Does it change what she sees? What she can or tries to capture?

Casefic! She fell into a mystery again. There are probably ghosts. 

Outside observer - maybe a stranger, maybe someone she knows. 

Dreams realised, or maybe not - Cass gets to exhibit later works, and/or put out a new book. What is the subject matter and how does it go for her?

These things don't fade away - Dealing with fallout from any of her previous adventures, particularly the supernatural kind. 

Or anything at all! 

&nbsp;

General DNW: Non-con, dub-con, incest, any kind of explicit or implied sexual relationship between an adult and child or teenager - or in a mentor/student relationship, humiliation in any context (including awkward sex), infidelity, deathfic, pregnancy, kidfic, animal harm, eye injury, Trump in any form. And a cephalopod (squid, octopus) phobia, um. Although tentaclefic is fine, so long as there is no actual cephalopod, go figure.

Letter: http://sylvertongue.dreamwidth.org/265910.html


Request 5 by cher
The Magnus Archives (Podcast) 
Jonathan Sims

This show! So great! I really enjoy the statements, and my favourites are the war ghosts. All time favourite is Episode 7: The Piper, all time creeped the hell out is Episode 65: Binary. The various powers and their manifestations are fascinating, and I really like the exploration of what they are, what they aren't, and how they interact with the world. The insect-based powers aren't as interesting to me as the more abstract ones. 

I've requested Jon, but if you'd like to work with other characters as well please do! I love Basira and Daisy and Melanie, I like Martin, Tim and Sasha, and am intrigued by Michael. Not terribly interested in Elias, and prefer not to focus on Not-Sasha. Gertrude is really interesting and I'd love to see her and Jon interact, somehow. 

Prompts:
I am low-key shipping Jon with Melanie King. I would love to read about them working on a case together, maybe post season two, or maybe as a side case just before. I'm a sucker for snarking between working partners, and if that leads you to shipfic that's great, but gen is just fine with me too. Maybe Jon feels the need to head overseas as well after Melanie. I'd like to see her field experience and his knowledge working together. 

Jon finds a way to talk to Gertrude. Or, more likely, Gertrude finds a way to talk to Jon. What does she know about the nature of the Archive and the role of Archivist?

What does it mean to be away from the Archive? Entities keep saying that Jon isn't protected outside the Archive - what does that mean? The title of Archivist seems to mean something to the various powers ... what?

Basira or Daisy is in trouble, and Jon is roped in to help, outside the Archive. I liked the way Jon's instant recall of a case helped Basira once before, in Police Lights, and the way that seemed to boost his confidence. I'd like to see more of that. 

Jon explains once that he "has" to be skeptical, but that he's always believed in the supernatural. Why? How did he end up at the Archive?

My favourite loose thread currently is the Order of the Lightless Flame - mostly because it's the only organised set of people who seem to be fighting some of the powers ... but perhaps in service to other powers? Tell me about them some more?

I have listened through to the end of season two. If season three starts in time for that to impact your story, rest assured that I will be keeping up with canon. Please feel free to either include or ignore any new material as you'd like.

General DNW: Non-con, dub-con, incest, any kind of explicit or implied sexual relationship between an adult and child or teenager - or in a mentor/student relationship, humiliation in any context (including awkward sex), infidelity, deathfic, pregnancy, kidfic, animal harm, eye injury, Trump in any form. And a cephalopod (squid, octopus) phobia, um. Although tentaclefic is fine, so long as there is no actual cephalopod, go figure.

Letter: http://sylvertongue.dreamwidth.org/265910.html


***

Request 1 by Cherith
The Walking Dead (Telltale Video Game) 
Javier Garcia (Walking Dead Video Game), Clementine (Walking Dead Video Game)

All three of TWD games with Clementine have broken my heart. And the friendship that grew between Javier and Clementine in the most recent game was just really, really great to watch. I'd love anything with these two, but would particularly love something that takes place in the future, like if Clementine finds AJ and returns to Richmond where Javier has taken over as leader. Maybe he teaches them how to play baseball?

Letter: http://cherith.dreamwidth.org/12073.html


Request 2 by Cherith
Six of Crows Series - Leigh Bardugo 
Kaz Brekker, Inej Ghafa

Kaz and Inej just doing anything. Even if it's just her coming home from a long time at sea to sit in his room and watch him work through plans for something. If there's more, that's great. But I love them just being silently comfortable with each other too -- even if there's way more going on under the surface.

Letter: http://cherith.dreamwidth.org/12073.html


Request 3 by Cherith
The Exorcist (TV) 
Marcus Keane, Tomas Ortega

I have a big thing for broken christian mythology, especially when it involves angels and demons and priests trying to do the right thing in a world that's bigger than they expected. Marcus and Tomas are at odds with each other and with the evil that's coming. Anything with these two, either sniping at each other, or trying to come to terms with the new dynamic of their relationship.

Letter: http://cherith.dreamwidth.org/12073.html


Request 4 by Cherith
Preacher (TV) 
Tulip O'Hare (Preacher TV), Jesse Custer (Preacher TV)

I'm not caught up on Preacher, but I loved the first season and Tulip's determination most of all. As above, the broken mythology of christianity is interesting to me, and I really loved the way the first season ended. Something that takes off from there would be ideal.

Letter: http://cherith.dreamwidth.org/12073.html


Request 5 by Cherith
Wayfarers Series - Becky Chambers 
Rosemary Harper, Sissix Seshkethet

I felt like we were just getting to see what a relationship between these two could really be like by the end of the first book. I'd love to see how their relationship expands... or doesn't. This doesn't have to be a happy ending, I just want to see more of them.

Letter: http://cherith.dreamwidth.org/12073.html


Request 6 by Cherith
Seasons of Glass and Iron - Amal El-Mohtar 
Tabitha (Seasons of Glass and Iron), Amira (Seasons of Glass and Iron)

Oh, my heart. This story. I just want more. I want to see them together... doing anything, now that they can.

Letter: http://cherith.dreamwidth.org/12073.html


***

Request 1 by cherryvanilla
True Detective 
Rustin "Rust" Cohle, Martin "Marty" Hart

I'm utterly obsessed with anything post-canon with these two. The more curtainfic and/or hurt/comfort, the better. 

See Yuletide letter for general likes/dislikes

Letter: http://sometimesalways.livejournal.com/1535189.html


Request 2 by cherryvanilla
Academy Awards RPF 
Dev Patel (Academy Awards RPF), Andrew Garfield (Academy Awards RPF)

These two and their award season chemistry made me want a real life slow burn rom com so damn bad. Give me first dates post-award season or someone realizing how much they should be boyfriends on screen and casting them in the next big lgbtq romance film and them slowly falling for one another. Whatever you want, I'll love it. 

See Yuletide letter for general likes/dislikes

Letter: http://sometimesalways.livejournal.com/1535189.html


Request 3 by cherryvanilla
The Breakfast Club (1985) 
John Bender, Brian Johnson (Breakfast Club)

Every year I want the same thing: post-canon future fic with these two falling for each other. Don't care how it happens. Alternatively, if future fic ain't your comfort zone any first time/first date/prom fic would be great.

See Yuletide letter for general likes/dislikes

Letter: http://sometimesalways.livejournal.com/1535189.html


Request 4 by cherryvanilla
Disco 2000 - Pulp (Song) 
Storyteller (Disco 2000), Deborah (Disco 2000)

One of my favorite songs. I'd love either past fic of them in school together and friendship/pining fic or current fic with what happens next. Do they meet up? Do they become real friends? Does he get along with Deborah's kid? Is her marriage not as perfect as he imagines it? Or a blend between past and present. I feel like the song gives so much to work with. 

See Yuletide letter for general likes/dislikes

Letter: http://sometimesalways.livejournal.com/1535189.html


Request 5 by cherryvanilla
Velvet Goldmine 
Curt Wild, Arthur Stuart

Another standard want of mine: post-canon curt/Arthur. Falling in love or curtain fic or anything. I'll love it all. 

See Yuletide letter for general likes/dislikes

Letter: http://sometimesalways.livejournal.com/1535189.html


Request 6 by cherryvanilla
Point Break (1991) 
Johnny Utah (Point Break 1991), Bodhi (Point Break 1991)

Yet again going with an old reliable: first time sex, bonus if it's on the beach or johnny's first time or tantric or just so super intense the way Bodhi would totally make it. Would also love a happy ending tbh, where Bodhi survives and Johnny never stopped obsessing over him and maybe a few years down the line after it doesn't work with Tyler they find each other again, Johnny living the way Bodhi used to and Bodhi ready to just settle down for once, the thrill not being as important as what he felt with Johnny, for the first time ever. 

See Yuletide letter for general likes/dislikes

Letter: http://sometimesalways.livejournal.com/1535189.html


***

Request 1 by Chianine
The Room (2003) 
Peter (The Room)

People are people.

Is this Lisa we're talking about?

Peter's wisdom and insight is an oft-overlooked aspect of Wiseau's masterpiece. What is a day in the life of Peter the Psychologist like? What are his passions, secrets and fears? Plum the depths of this brilliantly complex character and share your treasure with me, sweetest yuletide author.


Request 2 by Chianine
The Disaster Artist: My Life Inside The Room - Greg Sestero & Tom Bissell 
Tommy Wiseau (The Disaster Artist)

Try to imagine the longest, most inane voice message Tommy ever left on Greg's machine.


Request 3 by Chianine
Ancient Aliens 
Giorgio Tsoukalos (Ancient Aliens), Dave Childress (Ancient Aliens)

After an intensely personal argument over the extraterrestrial implications of an ancient buttplug, Dave and Giorgio have equally passionate make-up sex.


***

Request 1 by Chibifukurou
The Martian - Andy Weir 
Chris Beck (The Martian - Andy Weir), Beth Johanssen (The Martian - Andy Weir), Mark Watney (The Martian - Andy Weir)

First off thank you so much for Signing up for Yuletide and please don’t stress out about my story. I’m sure that I’ll love anything that you write.

My only hard limits are Rape and Explicit Child Abuse.

My true loves are AUs, Selectively Mute characters, Gen, Found Family, Queerplatonic Relationships, Learning Disabled Characters, Asexuals, and Transgender/Gender Queer Characters.

Letter: http://chibifukurou.tumblr.com/post/165959957880/dear-yulegoat


Request 2 by Chibifukurou
Logan (2017 Movie) 
Laura Kinney (Logan 2017)

Request 3 by Chibifukurou
The Accountant (2016) 
Christian Wolff, Braxton (The Accountant)

Request 4 by Chibifukurou
The Nice Guys (2016) 
Jackson Healy, Holly March, Holland March

***

Request 1 by ChibiSquirt
Blood-Smoke Series - Tanya Huff 

Please see Yuletide Author Letter.

Letter: http://chibisquirt.dreamwidth.org/1431.html


Request 2 by ChibiSquirt
Witch World - Andre Norton 
Keris Tregarth, Jaelithe (Witch World), Hilarion (Witch World), Simon Tregarth

Please see Yuletide Author Letter.

Letter: http://chibisquirt.dreamwidth.org/1431.html


Request 3 by ChibiSquirt
Doctrine of Labyrinths - Sarah Monette 
Mildmay Foxe

Please see Yuletide Author Letter.

Letter: http://chibisquirt.dreamwidth.org/1431.html


Request 4 by ChibiSquirt
Pushing Daisies 

Please see Dear Yuletide Author letter.  Please no "stuffing" kink!

Letter: http://chibisquirt.dreamwidth.org/1431.html


Request 5 by ChibiSquirt
Sunshine - Robin McKinley 

Please see Dear Yuletide Author letter.

Letter: http://chibisquirt.dreamwidth.org/1431.html


***

Request 1 by chicafrom3
The Bridge (Podcast) 

General DNWs: Graphic sex. Graphic violence. References to or allegories of current US politics.

- A trip across the Bridge by someone traveling on their own
- A day trip to Aqua Land
- The final days of Ocean View
- Encounters with sea monsters, whether by canon characters or OCs

For this fandom, I would prefer not to receive any AUs that don't involve the Bridge itself, though canon-divergent AUs are totally cool. More details and prompts at my letter.

Letter: http://chicafrom3.livejournal.com/469014.html


Request 2 by chicafrom3
Everworld Series - K. A. Applegate 
Jalil Sherman (Everworld), Christopher Hitchcock (Everworld)

General DNWs: Graphic sex. Graphic violence. References to or allegories of current US politics.

- Missing scenes from canon-era digging into Jalil and Christopher's evolving friendship
- An encounter with a previously-unexplored part of Everworld
- Shippy: Jalil and Christopher having to explain their new relationship to April and David
- Shippy: Jalil and Christopher trying very, very hard not to admit that they're falling in love

For this fandom, I would prefer not to receive any AUs that don't involve Everworld itself, though canon-divergent AUs are totally cool. More details and prompts at my letter.

Letter: http://chicafrom3.livejournal.com/469014.html


Request 3 by chicafrom3
Julie's Greenroom (TV) 
Penelope Guadalupe Fitzgerald Sanchez

General DNWs: Graphic sex. Graphic violence. References to or allegories of current US politics.

- What does Fizz's future look like to you? Does she pursue performing arts in some way as an adult?
- Reuniting with one of the other Greenies or with Miss Julie or Gus as an adult
- A Greenroom lesson on an aspect of the performing arts that you love!
- Fizz and one of the other Greenies spending time together outside the Greenroom

For this fandom, I would prefer not to receive darkfic. More details and prompts at my letter.

Letter: http://chicafrom3.livejournal.com/469014.html


Request 4 by chicafrom3
Look What You Made Me Do - Taylor Swift (Music Video) 

General DNWs: Graphic sex. Graphic violence. References to or allegories of current US politics.

- Multiple versions of Taylor Swift team up to (pull a heist/cover up a murder/pursue global domination/etc.) but in order to get the job done have to overcome their inclination to backstab each other
- Multiple versions of Taylor Swift team up to take down a different version of Taylor Swift
- I could come up with more versions of this prompt but it's all really the same thing: multiple backstabbing and self-attacking versions of Taylor Swift having to work together.

More details and prompt-elaboration at my letter.

Letter: http://chicafrom3.livejournal.com/469014.html


Request 5 by chicafrom3
Sit Down by the Fire - The Pogues (Song) 

General DNWs: Graphic sex. Graphic violence. References to or allegories of current US politics.

- What are the things? Faeries or demons or ghosts or something else? What does their story look like from their end?
- The narrator knows so much about the things. Is it just handed-down folklore or does he have direct experience with them?
- Maybe he's setting up his listener as a sacrifice to the things! How does that play out? Does the listener survive?

More details and prompts at my letter.

Letter: http://chicafrom3.livejournal.com/469014.html


Request 6 by chicafrom3
Song of the Sea (2014) 
Saoirse (Song of the Sea)

General DNWs: Graphic sex. Graphic violence. References to or allegories of current US politics.

- Growing up to chase fairy tales
- Accidental (or premeditated!) encounters with the mythological
- How does Saoirse's relationship with her family evolve post-choice?
- How does her knowledge of her faerie heritage influence her, growing up?

Inclusion of any canon characters beside Saoirse is welcome but 100% optional. More details and prompts at my letter.

Letter: http://chicafrom3.livejournal.com/469014.html


***

Request 1 by ChokolatteJedi
Dragonriders of Pern - Anne McCaffrey 
Menolly (Dragonriders of Pern), Robinton (Dragonriders of Pern), Piemur (Dragonriders of Pern)

Harpers! I'd love something set right after Menolly's second book, when she's in the hall and finding her place with Master Robinton and Piemur the scoundrel! I just don't even think I can express how much I love Harpers, and this period of Pern History, and the Harper Hall, and oh, Sebell and Domick and Silvina and anyone else are welcome to come to the party too!

Letter: http://chokolattejedi.dreamwidth.org/tag/dear+writer


Request 2 by ChokolatteJedi
Provost's Dog - Tamora Pierce 
Pounce (Provost's Dog), Beka Cooper (Provost's Dog)

For Beka and Pounce, I’d love something set before the first book or between the first two books. Just a slice of life or a night on the job or perhaps when Pounce first decides to go to Beka. Tunstall, Goodwin, and the others are welcome too!

Letter: http://chokolattejedi.dreamwidth.org/tag/dear+writer


Request 3 by ChokolatteJedi
Tricksters - Tamora Pierce 
Dovasary Balitang (Tricksters), Alianne Cooper (Tricksters)

I would love anything set during or after the books. Any scenes from within the rebellion, Dove and Aly talking late at night, Dove being queen, Aly being spymaster, Kyprioth interfering in either of those two jobs, Kyprioth making another wager with/assignment for Aly… or whatever you can think of.

Letter: http://chokolattejedi.dreamwidth.org/tag/dear+writer


Request 4 by ChokolatteJedi
Dogma (1999) 
Bartleby (Dogma), Loki (Dogma)

I really just want Bartleby and Loki, being themselves, in their quasi couple-y way, going through history on earth. When did Loki want to kill people? When did Bartleby go off on one of his lecture tangents? What was their perspective on certain historical events?

Letter: http://chokolattejedi.dreamwidth.org/tag/dear+writer


Request 5 by ChokolatteJedi
Hidden Figures (2016) 

I really just want more from this amazing movie! Any moment we missed between the scenes. Or the girls kicking butt later at NASA. Something with John Glen coming back after his flight and checking in with Katherine. Just anything!

Letter: http://chokolattejedi.dreamwidth.org/tag/dear+writer


***

Request 1 by Chosenfire
Wonder Woman (2017) 
Diana Prince (Wonder Woman 2017), Steve Trevor (Wonder Woman 2017)

Likes: Hurt/Comfort, Kidfic/Unplanned pregnancy, team work/ensemble fics, secret relationships, soulmates/soulbonds, snark, smut, fix-its

Hard Dislikes: humiliation, unequal relationships, crack/extreme fluff, major character death, unhappy endings, infidelity/partner betrayal, character bashing

more information and prompts at my letter

Letter: http://chosenfire28.livejournal.com/298915.html


Request 2 by Chosenfire
The Defenders (Marvel TV) 
Matt Murdock (The Defenders (Marvel TV)), Jessica Jones (The Defenders (Marvel TV))

Likes: Hurt/Comfort, Kidfic/Unplanned pregnancy, team work/ensemble fics, secret relationships, soulmates/soulbonds, snark, smut, fix-its

Hard Dislikes: humiliation, unequal relationships, crack/extreme fluff, major character death, unhappy endings, infidelity/partner betrayal, character bashing

more information and prompts at my letter

Letter: http://chosenfire28.livejournal.com/298915.html


Request 3 by Chosenfire
Midnight Texas (TV) 
Manfred Bernardo (Midnight Texas), Olivia Charity (Midnight Texas TV)

Likes: Hurt/Comfort, Kidfic/Unplanned pregnancy, team work/ensemble fics, secret relationships, soulmates/soulbonds, snark, smut, fix-its

Hard Dislikes: humiliation, unequal relationships, crack/extreme fluff, major character death, unhappy endings, infidelity/partner betrayal, character bashing

more information and prompts at my letter

Letter: http://chosenfire28.livejournal.com/298915.html


Request 4 by Chosenfire
What to Say Next - Julie Buxbaum 
Kit Lowell, David Drucker

Likes: Hurt/Comfort, Kidfic/Unplanned pregnancy, team work/ensemble fics, secret relationships, soulmates/soulbonds, snark, smut, fix-its

Hard Dislikes: humiliation, unequal relationships, crack/extreme fluff, major character death, unhappy endings, infidelity/partner betrayal, character bashing

more information and prompts at my letter

Letter: http://chosenfire28.livejournal.com/298915.html


Request 5 by Chosenfire
Big Little Lies (TV) 
Madeline Martha Mackenzie (Big Little Lies (TV)), Celeste Wright (Big Little Lies (TV))

Likes: Hurt/Comfort, Kidfic/Unplanned pregnancy, team work/ensemble fics, secret relationships, soulmates/soulbonds, snark, smut, fix-its

Hard Dislikes: humiliation, unequal relationships, crack/extreme fluff, major character death, unhappy endings, infidelity/partner betrayal, character bashing

more information and prompts at my letter

Letter: http://chosenfire28.livejournal.com/298915.html


***

Request 1 by ChristyCorr
In Other Lands - Sarah Rees Brennan 
Elliot Schafer (In Other Lands), Luke Sunborn (In Other Lands)

I didn't read <cite>Turn of the Story</cite> while it was up, but I devoured this book as soon as I realised it existed, and promptly ran to get my hands on every extra morsel available by that point. (Note: I'm 100% fine with book-only canon!) I just love Luke Sunborn and his awkward face <em>so much</em>, and I especially love how utterly wrong Elliot gets him, and how they manage to orbit each other so well throughout the years despite being completely clueless. I really enjoy how they keep catching on each other's rough edges because they can't navigate them at all.

I requested these two characters and I do love them to pieces, but if you want to include any others in the tagset (or anyone else) please feel free! This universe is endlessly fascinating to me. I would happily read any and all stories containing things like:

- Elliot being a clever little shit about absolutely anything, take your pick;
- Luke growing to fully understand and accept his half-harpy nature;
- Serene pontificating about something, Serene sharing her misandrist wisdom, Serene and Luke being swordsisters, just: Serene;
- elven society, more about how it works and how their unique little cluster might fit there (or...not);
- wings!! (I'd never realised I liked wingfic before, but hey, apparently I do);
- Woodsinger being awesome and somehow suffering all these fools (<em>how</em>);
- political shenanigans: it's brilliant to see Elliot, Luke and Serene each being awesome in their different ways to unfuck a situation, and if you want to go for plotty fic here, by all means do!

If you have any other ideas, though, please do go for it! These are just suggestions. Anything from family fic about the Sunborns being their usual overwhelming selves to a wild forest OT4 sex marathon will make me thrilled.

Letter: http://christycorr.dreamwidth.org/119756.html


Request 2 by ChristyCorr
The Broken Earth Series - N. K. Jemisin 
Alma Innovator Dibars, Yaetr Innovator Dibars

I really enjoyed <cite>The Stone Sky</cite>, and one of the side stories that caught my eye was the letter exchange between Alma Innovator Dibars and Yaetr Innovator Dibars. Yaetr "discovered" that orogenes' intervention prevented several seasons in the past, and Alma put an end to that research for political reasons. I couldn't help put wonder what kind of story lurked behind those brief notes.

How did Yaetr start researching roggas? Why look into this, specifically, when the Fulcrum certainly wouldn't have wanted anyone coming anywhere near these conclusions? Was Yaetr at all empathetic or just interested in predicting future Seasons? What was the research process like? What was the relationship between Alma and Yaetr like, and what did it turn into after that event? How did Yaetr take the silencing, what did they do after? What was the environment at the Seventh in Dibars like, did Yaetr and Alma ever overlap there with Tonkee, or with Alabaster or Syenite being used for research?

The way that <cite>The Broken Earth</cite> interweaves questions of oppression, identity and violence with every level and angle of worldbuilding is so well thought-out and executed. It would be interesting to catch another glimpse of this side of events: the many ways that a fact so glaringly obvious and important to keeping everyone alive gets suppressed and ignored to benefit the dominant narrative.

Letter: http://christycorr.dreamwidth.org/119756.html


Request 3 by ChristyCorr
Love for the Cold-Blooded - Alex Gabriel 
Serpentissima (Love for the Cold-Blooded), Tom | Serpent Slut (Love for the Cold-Blooded)

This story was so fun, and I am <em>so here</em> for wacky supervillain family dynamics! They seemed to genuinely care about each other so much, regardless of the fact that they they express affection in somewhat unconventional ways sometimes. I would so happily read more about that in all kinds of ways.

Does Serpentissima try to take over the world again? What's that like for the rest of the family? What about when Hell starts growing into her own independent challenger self and tries her own first major nefarious plot, how do her parents help and/or accidentally thwart her efforts? Or: what's it like for them to have a hoagie in the family? Just how awkward do Christmas dinners get? Or: what's it like for Serpentissima and Tom to have grandchildren? I'd also love to see a flashback to Serpentissima's first ascent and why it failed, or how she ended up falling for Tom in the first place.

Basically, I'd be happy with any story dealing with the unique peculiarities of the West family. Please feel free to include Helena, Boadicea, Zenobia, Patrick and Nick if you wish, as well as any other challengers or superheroes you want!

Letter: http://christycorr.dreamwidth.org/119756.html


***

Request 1 by ChronicBookworm
Peer Gynt - Henrik Ibsen 
Solveig (Peer Gynt)

Solveig has always fascinated me, and we get so little of her in the play, I’d love to see her fleshed out. What made her stay her entire life and wait for Peer? How did she manage in the forest all alone? Or what if she hadn’t? What if she’d gone back to the village? What if she’d followed Peer on his adventures? How would they have turned out differently? Or what if he hadn’t left? What if he hadn’t gone off with Ingrid from Hægstad? Or what if he hadn’t run away when the Greenclad came? Or what if he’d still left, and Solveig was left with the Greenclad’s child? There are so many possibilities!
In general, I like most things. I am a multishipper, and I read slash, het, femslash, and gen. Femslash and gen are especially welcome, as they tend to be underrepresented categories! I also like all genres, fluff, angst, adventure, case fic, humour, romance, character study, slice of life/domestic, you name it! I prefer my angst to have a ray of hope and not be too grimdark. I don’t mind non-prompted characters being included.
Tropes that I particularly enjoy are found families, hurt/comfort, POV outsider, canon divergence, characters with low self-worth being loved and accepted, time travel, happy poly relationships, happy asexual characters and relationships, competent characters being awesome, women being super awesome, women supporting other women, 5+1, and crossovers.
I don’t really enjoy PWP – in fact, I prefer any sex scenes to be of the fade to black variety, or referred to, rather than described, if included at all. I also don’t like incest, teacher/student, mpreg or a/b/o, even as romantic tropes. Characters being accused of something they didn’t do tends to make me anxious, so please avoid that if possible. I also don’t like to read about infidelity or about protagonists doing things they know will hurt other protagonists, or about jealousy/love triangles (poly relationships! healthy communication!). Please no character bashing: unless the character is a villain in canon, please write them sympathetically, or leave them out.
This all being said, am not that picky and will enjoy most things if they’re well written enough, if none of my preferred prompts grab your imagination. I’m sure I’ll love whatever you write!

Letter: http://chronicbookworm.tumblr.com/post/165943130962/dear-yuletide-author-2017


Request 2 by ChronicBookworm
Hidden Figures (2016) 

I loved this film, and think it’s a travesty there’s not more fic for it! Fic celebrating the absolutely fantastic relationship (femslash or gen) between Katherine, Dorothy and Mary, or the ladies being absolutely awesome and kickass the way they were in the movie, or family feels with Katherine and Jim, or what it's like working at NASA, what happens after the film, or anything you like to write is more than welcome!
In general, I like most things. I am a multishipper, and I read slash, het, femslash, and gen. Femslash and gen are especially welcome, as they tend to be underrepresented categories! I also like all genres, fluff, angst, adventure, case fic, humour, romance, character study, slice of life/domestic, you name it! I prefer my angst to have a ray of hope and not be too grimdark. I don’t mind non-prompted characters being included.
Tropes that I particularly enjoy are found families, hurt/comfort, POV outsider, canon divergence, characters with low self-worth being loved and accepted, time travel, happy poly relationships, happy asexual characters and relationships, competent characters being awesome, women being super awesome, women supporting other women, 5+1, and crossovers.
I don’t really enjoy PWP – in fact, I prefer any sex scenes to be of the fade to black variety, or referred to, rather than described, if included at all. I also don’t like incest, teacher/student, mpreg or a/b/o, even as romantic tropes. Characters being accused of something they didn’t do tends to make me anxious, so please avoid that if possible. I also don’t like to read about infidelity or about protagonists doing things they know will hurt other protagonists, or about jealousy/love triangles (poly relationships! healthy communication!). Please no character bashing: unless the character is a villain in canon, please write them sympathetically, or leave them out.
This all being said, am not that picky and will enjoy most things if they’re well written enough, if none of my preferred prompts grab your imagination. I’m sure I’ll love whatever you write!

Letter: http://chronicbookworm.tumblr.com/post/165943130962/dear-yuletide-author-2017


Request 3 by ChronicBookworm
Victoria (TV) 
Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (Victoria (TV))

My awkward turtle! I’d love to see something with him and his brother, their friendship was so sweet despite them being essentially polar opposites. Or maybe something with him and Victoria, or him trying to fit in at the English court. Or Albert as a dad. Or anything with Albert, really.
In general, I like most things. I am a multishipper, and I read slash, het, femslash, and gen. Femslash and gen are especially welcome, as they tend to be underrepresented categories! I also like all genres, fluff, angst, adventure, case fic, humour, romance, character study, slice of life/domestic, you name it! I prefer my angst to have a ray of hope and not be too grimdark. I don’t mind non-prompted characters being included.
Tropes that I particularly enjoy are found families, hurt/comfort, POV outsider, canon divergence, characters with low self-worth being loved and accepted, time travel, happy poly relationships, happy asexual characters and relationships, competent characters being awesome, women being super awesome, women supporting other women, 5+1, and crossovers.
I don’t really enjoy PWP – in fact, I prefer any sex scenes to be of the fade to black variety, or referred to, rather than described, if included at all. I also don’t like incest, teacher/student, mpreg or a/b/o, even as romantic tropes. Characters being accused of something they didn’t do tends to make me anxious, so please avoid that if possible. I also don’t like to read about infidelity or about protagonists doing things they know will hurt other protagonists, or about jealousy/love triangles (poly relationships! healthy communication!). Please no character bashing: unless the character is a villain in canon, please write them sympathetically, or leave them out.
This all being said, am not that picky and will enjoy most things if they’re well written enough, if none of my preferred prompts grab your imagination. I’m sure I’ll love whatever you write!

Letter: http://chronicbookworm.tumblr.com/post/165943130962/dear-yuletide-author-2017


Request 4 by ChronicBookworm
Emelan - Tamora Pierce 
Briar Moss, Daja Kisubo, Sandrilene fa Toren, Trisana Chandler

I like reading about the Circle, and their closeness. I also have a fondness for Tris at Lightsbridge stories, trying to hide who and what she is. I prefer relationships within the Circle and with their teachers and students to be platonic/familial, but am happy to read about them paired with outside characters (canon or OCs). I generally prefer Emelan stories to be set in something approaching the canon world (i.e. medievalist fantasy-like settings), but I’m not averse to broadening my horizons if you really feel the itch to write a completely different world.
In general, I like most things. I am a multishipper, and I read slash, het, femslash, and gen. Femslash and gen are especially welcome, as they tend to be underrepresented categories! I also like all genres, fluff, angst, adventure, case fic, humour, romance, character study, slice of life/domestic, you name it! I prefer my angst to have a ray of hope and not be too grimdark. I don’t mind non-prompted characters being included.
Tropes that I particularly enjoy are found families, hurt/comfort, POV outsider, canon divergence, characters with low self-worth being loved and accepted, time travel, happy poly relationships, happy asexual characters and relationships, competent characters being awesome, women being super awesome, women supporting other women, 5+1, and crossovers.
I don’t really enjoy PWP – in fact, I prefer any sex scenes to be of the fade to black variety, or referred to, rather than described, if included at all. I also don’t like incest, teacher/student, mpreg or a/b/o, even as romantic tropes. Characters being accused of something they didn’t do tends to make me anxious, so please avoid that if possible. I also don’t like to read about infidelity or about protagonists doing things they know will hurt other protagonists, or about jealousy/love triangles (poly relationships! healthy communication!). Please no character bashing: unless the character is a villain in canon, please write them sympathetically, or leave them out.
This all being said, am not that picky and will enjoy most things if they’re well written enough, if none of my preferred prompts grab your imagination. I’m sure I’ll love whatever you write!

Letter: http://chronicbookworm.tumblr.com/post/165943130962/dear-yuletide-author-2017


***

Request 1 by chronoshift
League of Legends RPF 

1. I know the Rox Tigers going their separate ways has been written about ad nauseam but I would love a take on it where it isn't actually a terrible thing for everyone, and they figure out how to maintain their friendships with new distance and new loyalties. 

2. Various SKT things I am enthusiastic about: Faker and Huni actually going to Hong Kong, SKT newbies fighting for Faker's attention and affection, Bengi coming back to "coach" or work for SKT and how that affects Faker, how Peanut learns to fit into his new team, boys being overly competitive about forced team bonding sports...

3. Regardless of how the season ended I still feel so #/blessed to have had two of my favorites on the same team together. Even from the start they seemed to get along really well and they're both such positive people. I'd love anything about them getting closer as friends or more than friends, especially if it touches on how cuddly Kuro is. Or, just Afreeca as a whole becoming what looked to be like a really friendly and caring team.

4. Literally anything about how much Doublelift thinks Biofrost hung the moon.

Letter: http://staygame.livejournal.com/27047.html


Request 2 by chronoshift
Overwatch RPF 
Ryu "ryujehong" Je-hong, Kim "EscA" In-jae
Letter: http://staygame.livejournal.com/27047.html


Request 3 by chronoshift
Buzzfeed Unsolved (Web Series) 
Letter: http://staygame.livejournal.com/27047.html


Request 4 by chronoshift
Buzzfeed: Worth It 
Letter: http://staygame.livejournal.com/27047.html


***

Request 1 by cienna
Aubrey-Maturin Series - Patrick O'Brian 
Jack Aubrey (Aubrey-Maturin - O'Brian), Stephen Maturin (Aubrey-Maturin - O'Brian)
Letter: http://cienna.livejournal.com/116128.html


Request 2 by cienna
昭和元禄落語心中 | Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu (Anime) 
Yuurakutei Sukeroku, Kikuhiko | Yuurakutei Yakumo
Letter: http://cienna.livejournal.com/116128.html


Request 3 by cienna
サムライフラメンコ | Samurai Flamenco 
Hazama Masayoshi, Gotou Hidenori
Letter: http://cienna.livejournal.com/116128.html


Request 4 by cienna
灵契 | Ling Qi | Spiritpact 
Yang Jinghua | You Keika, Duanmu Xi | Tanmoku Ki
Letter: http://cienna.livejournal.com/116128.html


***

Request 1 by cimera
The Good Place (TV) 
Eleanor Shellstrop
Letter: http://cimera.livejournal.com/86339.html


Request 2 by cimera
Burnt (2015) 

Request 3 by cimera
Interstellar (2014) 
Amelia Brand, Joseph Cooper

I'm most interested in the new planet and the fact that Cooper is on his way to meet Amelia there...and I'd definitely prefer something with a happy or at least hopeful ending. Romance is not required, but nice :)


Request 4 by cimera
Constantine (2005) 

***

Request 1 by cjmarlowe
Schitt's Creek (TV) 
David Rose, Patrick (Schitt's Creek)

I would love to see more of David and Patrick, whether it's while they are still in their getting-to-know-one-another friendship or after they finally get together. Their banter is glorious. David really came into his own at the end of season three, and his relationship to and with his family is another thing I'd enjoy seeing explored, especially in the context of his new business and new partner. The look of absolute astonishment and pride he gets from his father when the store opens gives me so many feelings. In short: David and Patrick have my heart. Take them on a little adventure.

Letter: http://cj.dreamwidth.org/tag/yuletide


Request 2 by cjmarlowe
17776: What Football Will Look Like in the Future - Jon Bois 

Just about anything in this world would give me joy,  but I'm most interested in the goings-on on Earth over the millennia. Give me one of those ridiculous football games, or explore another leisure activity that has become unrecognisable, or take a dip into some kind of social change that results from the new status quo. What motivates people anymore? What about those who would have wanted to see the world progress, and are they still working in the background? What idiosyncratic habits have become outright lifestyles? Approach it from any perspective that appeals to you, from one or more of the nominated characters or entirely through OCs.

Letter: http://cj.dreamwidth.org/tag/yuletide


Request 3 by cjmarlowe
What We Do in the Shadows (2014) 
Stu (What We Do in the Shadows)

Stu! Stu and the werewolf pack! I just can't get enough of it. I love the whole pack dynamic (Anton is a delight), and how Stu just fits right into the group. Werewolf-vampire mingling is always a blast, as would be seeing the werewolves from the inside when the vampires aren't around. And of course there's Stu and Nick before one, or both, of them are turned. What's the story there, I wonder? As long as there's Stu, I'm game for just about anything.

Letter: http://cj.dreamwidth.org/tag/yuletide


Request 4 by cjmarlowe
Whitechapel (TV) 
Joseph Chandler (Whitechapel), Emerson Kent

My longing for more of this show has not yet faded. Whitechapel ended just when things were getting <em>really interesting</em>, the relationship between Chandler and Kent being just one of those things. Whether you read it as a crush on Kent's part, a potential relationship for both, or a hero worship/mentor situation, I want to see what happens next. It's not necessary to jump in right where the show left off (though there's a lot of potential there); any time in the future is good. I do ship them, but not to the exclusion of all other possibilities if you don't. And if you <em>do</em>, explicit is more than welcome. Casefic, and casefic mixed with relationship building, are both also excellent. Really, I just want my boys back again.

Letter: http://cj.dreamwidth.org/tag/yuletide


Request 5 by cjmarlowe
Promised Land - Connie Willis & Cynthia Felice 
Delanna Milleflores, Cadiz Flaherty

What if Delanna had been betrothed to Cadiz and not Sonny?  How would those two personalities clash under those different circumstances? What would be the role of the Tanner boys or Jay Madog? How does it change everything? Or nothing?

If the prompt doesn't do it for you, I'm absolutely interested in Delanna and Cadiz's existing friendship, or a relationship between them without anything to do with the betrothal, and there are so many worldbuilding roads to go down outside of that. What does the world look like through the eyes of someone raised there? What parts of the planet and the culture have we not seen yet? Really, I would love anything for this fandom.

Letter: http://cj.dreamwidth.org/tag/yuletide


***

Request 1 by clearinghouse
Sherlock Holmes (Rathbone films) 

ISO: themes of love and/or friendship. DNW: dubcon, noncon, graphic violence.

Letter: http://docs.google.com/document/d/1qub--FcDcquwliMDxBnINTDw5qCzlgcY58Q1HRTSIO4/edit?usp=sharing


Request 2 by clearinghouse
Raffles - E. W. Hornung 

ISO: themes of love and/or friendship. DNW: dubcon, noncon, graphic violence.

Letter: http://docs.google.com/document/d/1qub--FcDcquwliMDxBnINTDw5qCzlgcY58Q1HRTSIO4/edit?usp=sharing


Request 3 by clearinghouse
C. Auguste Dupin - Edgar Allan Poe 

ISO: themes of love and/or friendship. DNW: dubcon, noncon, graphic violence.

Letter: http://docs.google.com/document/d/1qub--FcDcquwliMDxBnINTDw5qCzlgcY58Q1HRTSIO4/edit?usp=sharing


Request 4 by clearinghouse
They Might Be Giants (1971) 

ISO: themes of love and/or friendship. DNW: dubcon, noncon, graphic violence.

Letter: http://docs.google.com/document/d/1qub--FcDcquwliMDxBnINTDw5qCzlgcY58Q1HRTSIO4/edit?usp=sharing


Request 5 by clearinghouse
The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes (1970) 

ISO: themes of love and/or friendship. DNW: dubcon, noncon, graphic violence.

Letter: http://docs.google.com/document/d/1qub--FcDcquwliMDxBnINTDw5qCzlgcY58Q1HRTSIO4/edit?usp=sharing


***

Request 1 by cleflink
Back to the Future (Movies) 
Marty McFly (Movie), Emmett "Doc" Brown (Movie)

Mostly, I just want to see Doc and Marty having more awesome time-travel adventures. It doesn't matter to me where this fits into the BTTF timeline, or whether you change the timeline entirely to suit the story you want to tell. Marty is my favourite, so anything that gives him a chance to be his earnest, adaptable and ridiculously loyal self would be amazing. Gen, canon het pairings or Doc/Marty are all fantastic.

Letter: http://cleflink.livejournal.com/116058.html


Request 2 by cleflink
よろず屋東海道本舗 | Yorozuya Tōkaidō Honpo | Satisfaction Guaranteed (Manga) 
Shima Yoshitsune, Suruga Kaori | Kyo

I'd love to see another face off between Shima and Kyo, particularly one that addresses the painfully obvious UST (or platonic soulmate vibe, if you're not a shipper) between Shima and Kaori, and Kyo's resistance to the idea. I'm totally weak to the evil twin trope, and this manga has so much potential for it. I adore Shima when he gets a chance to be the capable and clever guy that the manga so often forgets that he is, but I'm also guiltily fond of the H/C times when he's at someone else's mercy, so feel free to take the story in whatever direction works best for you! Slash, pre-slash and gen are all awesome.

Letter: http://cleflink.livejournal.com/116058.html


Request 3 by cleflink
Sword Art Online Abridged 
Kirigaya Kazuto | Kirito (SAO Abridged)

The world needs more of Kirito being his sarcastic, obnoxious self and everybody else being in reluctant awe of both his abilities and the shit that comes out of his mouth. I'd prefer something that takes place before the final episode (i.e. before Kayaba ends the game), but I leave it totally up to you to decide what Kirito's up to. A floor boss fight? A day off from fighting? A showdown with Don Fluffles? Haggling with Tiffany? His idea of a date with Asuna? It's all good. Gen or Kirito/Asuna are both amazing.

Letter: http://cleflink.livejournal.com/116058.html


Request 4 by cleflink
Kino no Tabi | Kino's Journey (2003 Anime) 
Kino (Kino no Tabi (Anime))

I'd love to see any of the other countries that Kino has visited during her travels. Be as creative as you like in thinking up where she ends up. Countries about sports? Medicine? Education? The supernatural? Other stuff? It's all good! Gen preferred

Letter: http://cleflink.livejournal.com/116058.html


***

Request 1 by clio_jlh
Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers 
Eiluned Price (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers), Sylvia Marriott (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers)

We only have glimpses and hints of what their life together is like.  I want more, however you want to give it to me—how they met, how they came together, anything.  But no heavy kink or deathfic please, and I'm a sucker for a happy ending.

Letter: http://jlh.dreamwidth.org/574676.html


Request 2 by clio_jlh
Girls Trip (2017) 
Sasha Franklin (Girls Trip), Ryan Pierce (Girls Trip), Lisa Cooper (Girls Trip), Dina (Girls Trip)

Again, I just want more.  College adventures?  Previous girls trips?  What happens after the events of the movie? But no heavy kink or deathfic please, and I'm a sucker for a happy ending.

Letter: http://jlh.dreamwidth.org/574676.html


Request 3 by clio_jlh
The Bold Type 
Kat Edison, Adena El-Amin

We're getting two more seasons!  WHAT HAPPENS NEXT? Or, give me some missing moments from the first season.  Either!

But no heavy kink or deathfic please, and I'm a sucker for a happy ending.

Letter: http://jlh.dreamwidth.org/574676.html


***

Request 1 by Clocketpatch
Pepsi Nex Zero "Momotaro" Commercials 

Pheasant/Crow, Dog and Monkey's backstories, world building
DNW: Explicit fic for characters under 18, Noncon, or stories focusing on mental illness (brief mentions of canon illness are fine, but please don’t spend multiple paragraphs describing symptoms).

Letter: http://clocketpatch.dreamwidth.org/181500.html


Request 2 by Clocketpatch
The Divine Cities Series - Robert Jackson Bennett 

World building, spy adventures, divinities past, present, and future
DNW: Explicit fic for characters under 18, Noncon, or stories focusing on mental illness (brief mentions of canon illness are fine, but please don’t spend multiple paragraphs describing symptoms).

Letter: http://clocketpatch.dreamwidth.org/181500.html


Request 3 by Clocketpatch
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency (TV 2016) 
Lydia Spring, Dirk Gently, Farah Black, Todd Brotzman

Lydia Spring and Farrah Black's childhoods, femslash, bizarre detective adventures, Dirk and Todd snarking at each other, everyone being endlessly confused
DNW: Explicit fic for characters under 18, Noncon, Incest, or stories focusing on mental illness (brief mentions of canon illness are fine, but please don’t spend multiple paragraphs describing symptoms).

Letter: http://clocketpatch.dreamwidth.org/181500.html


Request 4 by Clocketpatch
Dinotopia - James Gurney 

Dinosaurs! Ancient Mammals! World building! Dinotopia in the past/present/future. 
DNW: Explicit fic for characters under 18, Noncon, or stories focusing on mental illness (brief mentions of canon illness are fine, but please don’t spend multiple paragraphs describing symptoms).

Letter: http://clocketpatch.dreamwidth.org/181500.html


***

Request 1 by Clone
Gunnerkrigg Court 
Robot (Gunnerkrigg Court)

The adventures of Shadow and Robot please!


Request 2 by Clone
Lilo & Stitch (2002) 
Cobra Bubbles

The mysterious past of Cobra Bubbles!


Request 3 by Clone
Bend It Like Beckham (2002) 
Jules Paxton, Jess Bhamra

Jess and Jules (or Jess/Jules) and football hijinx!


Request 4 by Clone
Ocean's (Movies) 
Rusty Ryan, Danny Ocean

What have Danny and Rusty gotten up to in the past to be so in sync now?


Request 5 by Clone
The Martian (2015) 

Any missing moment in the quest to bring him home!


Request 6 by Clone
To Wong Foo Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar (1995) 

The future adventures of the girls! Perhaps another road trip?


***

Request 1 by Cloudtrader
Vegas Golden Knights RPF 
Letter: http://cloudtrader.dreamwidth.org/2895.html


Request 2 by Cloudtrader
Washington Capitals RPF 
Alexander Ovechkin (Washington Capitals RPF)
Letter: http://cloudtrader.dreamwidth.org/2895.html


Request 3 by Cloudtrader
Pittsburgh Penguins RPF 
Jaromír Jágr (Pittsburgh Penguins RPF)
Letter: http://cloudtrader.dreamwidth.org/2895.html


Request 4 by Cloudtrader
Winnipeg Jets RPF 
Patrik Laine (Winnipeg Jets RPF)
Letter: http://cloudtrader.dreamwidth.org/2895.html


Request 5 by Cloudtrader
Philadelphia Flyers RPF 
Letter: http://cloudtrader.dreamwidth.org/2895.html


***

Request 1 by cnoocy
A Visit to William Blake's Inn - Nancy Willard 

This book is so beautiful and I love the feel of it. It's neat to have a story that's a bit related to Blake's worldview.

Extremely optional prompt #1: Do these characters stay in touch with each other throughout their lives?
Extremely optional prompt #2: How did these characters find themselves going to William Blake's Inn?

I am:
into: Worldbuilding, settings, adventures, neat ideas, engagement with canon, complication of canon (including making antagonists sympathetic).
not-so-into: darkfic in general

Letter: http://cnoocy.dreamwidth.org/95693.html


Request 2 by cnoocy
Dusty California - Paul and Storm (Song) 

There's a whole 70s rock superhero continuity alluded to in this song. I'd love to see some of the derring-do of the Arroyo Harbor Desperados and see how their powers work in the field.

Super optional prompt #1: Do the Desperados have secret identities? Do their musical and superheroic careers ever come into conflict?
Super optional prompt #2: Who are some of the villains the band fights in the song? Are they connected to other aspects of 1970s California? Or are they from somewhere or somewhen else?

I am:
into: Worldbuilding, settings, adventures, neat ideas, engagement with canon, complication of canon (including making antagonists sympathetic).
not-so-into: darkfic in general

Letter: http://cnoocy.dreamwidth.org/95693.html


Request 3 by cnoocy
Shahr-e Sūkhté (Burnt City) RPF 
Tall Woman with Artificial Eye (Shahr-e Sūkhté)

I found out about this person through tumblr and would love to read a glimpse of her life. She had a golden sun for an eye and towered over most of the people in her neighborhood, and she lived 5000 years ago.

Very optional prompt #1: How does she interact with her society?
Very optional prompt #2: Is there something extraordinary about her life, either realistically or in a fantasy/sci-fi way? 

I am:
into: Worldbuilding, settings, adventures, neat ideas, engagement with canon, complication of canon (including making antagonists sympathetic).
not-so-into: darkfic in general

Letter: http://cnoocy.dreamwidth.org/95693.html


***

Request 1 by coaldustcanary
The Expanse (TV) 
Chrisjen Avasarala (The Expanse (TV)), Bobbie Draper (The Expanse (TV))

I'd love to see some canon divergence or canon speculation about Bobbie and Chrisjen and their relationship development as allies from very different worlds.

I wouldn't mind seeing Chrisjen introducing Bobbie to Earth culture - after seeing Bobbie's delighted reaction to cucumber sandwich hors d'oeuvres and considering my impression of Martian food culture as somewhat ascetic, I kept imagining Chrisjen inviting Bobbie to dinner with her family and introducing Bobbie to an diverse array of Indian food, or some other "Earther delicacy".

Alternately, Bobbie introduces Chrisjen to some Martian practice, food, or cultural norm, something that Chrisjen thinks she understands as a life-long diplomat and student of politics, but she finds herself understanding it in a totally new way after learning about it from Bobbie.

I'd be intrigued to see a romantic dalliance between these two, as long as Chrisjen's husband Arjun isn't implied to be a bad person - their relationship is so strong and lovely - but maybe it's an open relationship, or it's an AU where Arjun has died. Bobbie seems to be under the impression that Chrisjen is a fragile little old lady, and though she's been disabused of that notion to some extent now, probably, it would be interesting to see her learn it more intimately!

Fandom-specific DNWs: Though it's unlikely he'd come up, I don't want to read about Joe Miller, please. Other characters appearing, especially Arjun or Cotyar or the Roci crew, are fine

General DNWs:A/B/O dynamics (Werewolves are great, but the A/B/O trope doesn't work for me), mpreg, bestiality, excessive focus on bodily fluids/bodily fluid-focused kinks, age regression in romantic pairing fics (I'm OK with it for platonic pairings!), high school AUs, childhood friends-to-lovers (unless canonical), teacher/student relationships (even when the student is adult)

(More info about preferred plot/tropes/kinks available at the letter link if so desired.)

Letter: http://coaldustcanary.dreamwidth.org/513932.html


Request 2 by coaldustcanary
John Wick (Movies) 
John Wick (John Wick), Gianna D'Antonio (John Wick)

I would be very pleased to receive straight-up worldbuilding in this setting - please feel free to barely mention either requested character and tell me a story about how you perceive the details of the world. An outsider's POV would be fascinating - either a true outsider to the setting, or someone who works for the Assassins but isn't actually one, perhaps. How did they perceive the events of either film, especially Gianna and/or Santino's deaths and what it means for the future that John flouted the rules so explicitly? How did they perceive - and how do they talk about - the events of John's Task that allowed him to leave their world years ago?

I would also love fic that explores the past that John and Gianna are strongly implied to share. Were they lovers? What was that like? Their hands are metaphorically - and sometimes literally - dripping with blood, the both of them, and while the John of the films seems to be ambivalent about aspects of his past, Gianna seems to be totally unashamed. Has it always been that way?

Alternately, an entirely morbid canon divergence fic in which Gianna requests (demands? draws on old promises to compel?) a final fling with John "for old time's sake" before he kills her could be both highly creepy and very hot - dubcon and/or femdom themes welcome. Could still end with Gianna's death or be ambiguous or go entirely AU somehow...

General DNWs:A/B/O dynamics (Werewolves are great, but the A/B/O trope doesn't work for me), mpreg, bestiality, excessive focus on bodily fluids/bodily fluid-focused kinks, age regression in romantic pairing fics (I'm OK with it for platonic pairings!), high school AUs, childhood friends-to-lovers (unless canonical), teacher/student relationships (even when the student is adult)

(More info about preferred plot/tropes/kinks available at the letter link if so desired.)

Letter: http://coaldustcanary.dreamwidth.org/513932.html


Request 3 by coaldustcanary
The Truman Show (1998) 
Truman Burbank

Legitimately, however you wanted to have a go riffing off of this film would be fine. Feel free to go experimental, weird, meta, or quirky.

A post-film fic in which Truman finds himself utterly unable to escape being the center of media attention despite being *free*, or expressing shock at the notion of individuals choosing to have their lives broadcast via media.

Alternately, an AU in which it was all a delusion (This is a real thing, though not an official psychiatric diagnosis - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Truman_Show_delusion)

General DNWs:A/B/O dynamics (Werewolves are great, but the A/B/O trope doesn't work for me), mpreg, bestiality, excessive focus on bodily fluids/bodily fluid-focused kinks, age regression in romantic pairing fics (I'm OK with it for platonic pairings!), high school AUs, childhood friends-to-lovers (unless canonical), teacher/student relationships (even when the student is adult)

(More info about preferred plot/tropes/kinks available at the letter link if so desired.)

Letter: http://coaldustcanary.dreamwidth.org/513932.html


Request 4 by coaldustcanary
The Vikings (1958) 
Eric (The Vikings 1958), Einar (The Vikings 1958)

Eric and Einar's relationship is such an incredible mix of loathing and jealousy and admiration - you can cut the tension with a knife in their scenes. I would love to see any kind of exploration of their rivalry and what precipitated it - one may be the Jarl's son, and the other a slave, but they grew up together, after all. Would be happy to see Kitala and/or Sandpiper show up in a pre-canon fic like this - how did they become so close to Eric?

I could also see a canon divergence in which Einar does not die, but the two of them remain rivals and warleaders constantly struggling for power - what might that look like? Does Morgana remain a point of contention between them? Does Eric's knowledge of Viking culture make him more successful and fending off Einar's attacks?

I'm absolutely here for a sexual relationship between the two - consensual but heavy on the competitive rivalry, dub-con, or non-con all welcome, either pre-canon, at any point during the film, or canon divergence. One specific point of divergence that might work well is when Einar attempts to rape Morgana, he's put off by her total passivity and lack of response to his urging to fight him - perhaps he goes looking for Eric with the assumption that Eric will fight back.
Fandom-specific DNW: I would prefer no Modern AUs in this fandom. Also, I'm fine with seeing the characters interact as children or teens, but if there's any sexual content, please age the characters at least to "ambigously late teens" at minimum.

General DNWs:A/B/O dynamics (Werewolves are great, but the A/B/O trope doesn't work for me), mpreg, bestiality, excessive focus on bodily fluids/bodily fluid-focused kinks, age regression in romantic pairing fics (I'm OK with it for platonic pairings!), high school AUs, childhood friends-to-lovers (unless canonical), teacher/student relationships (even when the student is adult)

(More info about preferred plot/tropes/kinks available at the letter link if so desired.)

Letter: http://coaldustcanary.dreamwidth.org/513932.html


***

Request 1 by coffeesuperhero
Wonder Woman: Warbringer - Leigh Bardugo 
Alia Keralis, Diana (Wonder Woman: Warbringer), Theo Santos, Poornima "Nim" Chaudhary

I adored this book and would love any story from this universe. Post-canon/future fic would be amazing! I know we likely caught a glimpse of the future at the end of the book, but there's so much that will happen between that vision and where the book ends, and it would be wonderful to see all four of these characters growing into those people. OR if you have an idea for what that future adventure entails, that would also be excellent!

Letter: http://coffeesuperhero.dreamwidth.org/351383.html


Request 2 by coffeesuperhero
Wonder Woman (2017) 
The Amazons (Wonder Woman 2017)

Hey, so, I cry through this entire movie beginning with the scene where the Amazons are training, so, I have a lot of just general Amazons feelings and would be super here for literally anything about life on the island? I loved all the Amazon characters in the tag set but I settled with just tagging "Amazons" in my signup because I would love a story about any or all of them. Like, tell me about law and politics on Themiscyra and give those Senators the backstory they deserve, write the epic love story of Menalippe and Antiope, the comedy and drama of Diana's revolving door of tutors, a day in the life of Philippus who is clearly the smartest Amazon and knew if they killed Steve Trevor immediately they wouldn't learn anything, Clio's process (ahem) of writing her lengthy treatise on bodily pleasure, the trials and tribulations of Epione as she tries to be the healer for an island of warriors,  Diana's secret training sessions with Antiope.... Literally, dear author, you could write a story about the curator of what is essentially the Amazon museum and fancy weapons emporium and how upset she was to discover Diana had made a bunch of holes in the exterior wall and made off with weapons and armor and I would be delighted. IT'S AN ISLAND OF WOMEN, I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT.

Letter: http://coffeesuperhero.dreamwidth.org/351383.html


Request 3 by coffeesuperhero
The Proposal (2009) 
Margaret Tate (The Proposal), Andrew Paxton (The Proposal)

This movie essentially is just a showcase of so many of my favorite tropes-- sharing a bed, pretending to be in a relationship/falling for each other as a result, cuddling for warmth-- so basically go wild with tropey stuff if you feel like it. Post-movie dating fic would be great, like, obviously they have feelings for each other but how is Margaret handling being a hardass professional editor and also a human being with emotions she lets other people see (even if the other people are just Andrew?)? Is Andrew an editor now? Does that make them rivals professionally? How's that working out (could be hot! could be hilarious! could be both!)?

Letter: http://coffeesuperhero.dreamwidth.org/351383.html


***

Request 1 by coffeiine
Preacher (TV) 

Request 2 by coffeiine
Parasol Protectorate - Gail Carriger 

Request 3 by coffeiine
Pride (2014) 

Request 4 by coffeiine
Trainspotting (Movies) 

Request 5 by coffeiine
Master of None (TV) 

Request 6 by coffeiine
Cormoran Strike Series - Robert Galbraith 

***

Request 1 by comixologist
Shinreigari GHOST HOUND 
Komori Tarou, Oogami Makoto

Request: I'm here for anything about these two and their fraught relationship! Another kidnap and rescue, if you like high drama, would be awesome. I'd love to get into interpersonal relationship drama, if they are openly struggling to be friends despite the difficulty between the branches of the family-- or more than friends if you're inclined to explore the ways they are broken-but-together. On a different note from teens struggling with their senses of self, I would be interested to see the future where they both try to fulfill their places in the family businesses- Makoto as the fortune teller and Taro making truly mind-altering sake, or having traded family trades. If you're into writing poetical things, it would be wonderful to see Taro help Makoto try to turn their hauntings into a song, or getting together with Makoto to make or use gadgets to catch supernatural sounds for sampling in Makoto's music. Nightmares, or being trapped together, or some outside force pushing them to work together through their feelings of connectedness and forced separation- the scarier and more vulnerable for them, the better! I' excited for gen fic as well as ship fic for these unhealthy cousins. I am a sucker for anything resembling a bully-to-protector redemption arc. I love how much tension and distance there is between Taro and Makoto at the beginning of the show, and the underlying current of affection and concern that they have for each other - a mutual desire to protect the other from harm (including the potential harm of dealing with each other, early on). I love them as awkward friends or distant relatives as much as I love them as bonded or brotherly, and anything about their difficult progress together will make me happy. I should probably note that when I say "bully to protector", I don't mean to imply that Makoto is necessarily always the bully or the protector in any of these situations, and I'd love a fic about his feelings (including those of resentment) with regards to Taro and their connections or shared experiences, for example.

Yes, Please: body horror, darkfic, established or developing relationships, angst, trauma and dissociation

DNW: character deaths without haunting, vivid descriptions of maggots, scat play, 24/7 D/s relationships, and graphic self-harm.

Letter: http://comixologist.livejournal.com/348011.html


Request 2 by comixologist
Frozen Teardrop (Light Novels) 

Request: I know these light novels are much loathed by a lot of the fandom, but I really enjoyed some of the character building details and the glimpse of the Mars Century the characters were dreaming of in their After Colony days. I love Kathy, and her no-nonsense attitude despite the fact that she is a Gundam novel protagonist doomed to deal with a lot of nonsense from the new generation and old fogeys alike. I'd love to see more of her thoughts on the other nominated characters and how the legend of who they were was built up, not just by her mom in fond recollection, by the society their interventions created. Chang's long-term management in the Preventers sticks out as one of the few consistencies in the lives of the pilots postwar experiences-- sure enough, he gets the job done through persistence and has a lasting effect unlike any other. All of these poor fools at the end of the epilogue having to deal with Father Maxwell becoming President Maxwell would also make for a great adventure-- maybe involving Mars' new high speed railways? Maybe a smuggling case involving Instructor W's work as a disavowed-and-disowned castoff of the Winner corporation sees new suits or full-body/spinal column mech integration plans for the Zero System's next next next gen fall into dangerous hands, or former debtors are leaning on Maxwell for a sweet business deal? Kathy as interpersonal investigator of the wreckage of these friendships, or Chang's Girl Friday, or the spitting image of Sally not taking any of Maxwell's shit or W's sweetness would warm my little heart.

Yes Please: casefic, stories in the form of news or reports, on-the-job-training, office comedy, hard sci-fi setting treated as utterly mundane, Kathy matchmaking, character studies, found family.

DNW: holiday stories, Relena-hate or 1xR bashing, references to 1x2 (Heero/Duo) or 13x5 (Treize/Wufei), a/b/o dynamics.

Letter: http://comixologist.livejournal.com/348011.html


Request 3 by comixologist
Ookiku Furikabutte | Big Windup! 
Mihashi Ren, Haruna Motoki

Request: I've been re-reading lately and thinking fondly of Mihashi and Haruna having their pitching genius bonding session while Abe and Akimaru sort of sulked and watched the pitchers grope each other. My simple desires are for Mihashi to have a friend who appreciates his strength and stamina despite being definitively better and encouraging him to go pro, and for Haruna to have a kouhai or friend who isn't terrified of him or tired of his shit, who can give him a chance to shine as a teacher and motivator. I feel like their dynamic could take many roads to infuriatingly good friendship, or build a future dynamic between them as a pro starter and relief team, and want to read all the possibilities your heart (or theirs) might contain. I love that these baseball nuts have fun together, despite how different they seem. Do they come up with a scheme during Haruna's draft season? Could they be secret training buddies? I'd love to see Haruna preening at the chance to show off his knowledge, dedication and prowess, and Mihashi's diligence and hunger for pitching power and speed getting them both fired up.

Yes, Please: nonverbal communication, rivals-to-friends and friends-to-rivals, secret relationship tropes, buddy comedy, road trip or shopping trip hijinx, montage or vignettes of developing relationships, after hours at the batting cages, hero worship, body worship, bullying as bonding, story in the form of text logs/modern epistolary

DNW: holiday/seasonal stories, Akimaru as Haruna's lackey, internalized homophobia, vivid descriptions of joint injuries, career-ending injuries, angst without a hopeful ending, jealousy as a plot point, a/b/o dynamics.

Letter: http://comixologist.livejournal.com/348011.html


Request 4 by comixologist
神撃のバハムート | Shingeki no Bahamut | Rage of Bahamut (Anime) 
Nina Drango, Favaro Leone

Request: Thirsty Redheads: Apprentice and Mentor Edition! That is to say, I loved the episode focused on Nina and Favaro's brief training time together, and greatly enjoy their dynamic and the way she mirrors a lot of his traits from Genesis. Missing scenes from their time as "Master" and "apprentice", or scenes from the present-day of the canon of their adventurous hijinks fomenting civil unrest in the capitol would lend to the sort of swashbuckling action the show does so well. I'd be interested in a postcanon take on their feelings around Amira and Charioce, or Bahamut and Chris. Favaro meeting Nina's totally epic grandma and trading a tall tale for some secret power or object (or the company of the right beauty, knowing that guy) would make for a fun re-telling by Nina to the gang over drinks. Precious dragon girl and her sneakthief teacher/big brother/dirty uncle lying through their teeth badly and still managing to get away from some high class banquet with a whole roast pig and a bandolier of turkey legs sounds about perfect. If you want to go the sex-comedy route, Nina trying to get advice about her first time from this asshole Favaro would be great. EDITED TO ADD-- now that the series is over, I can also say that I loved the ending, so if you want to jump off of the canon into future adventures, I would love to see how they go!

Yes, Please: buddy comedy, slapstick, lying badly, lying brilliantly, unreliable narrators, tall tales or campfire stories, found family, unwise advice, cast cameos and background pairings (especially Rita/Kaisar, or Rita/Kaisar/Favaro)

DNW: jealousy as a plot point, angst without a hopeful ending, holiday/seasonal stories.

Letter: http://comixologist.livejournal.com/348011.html


***

Request 1 by ConvenientAlias
Sense8 (TV) 
Sun Bak, Kala Dandekar, Will Gorski, Capheus Onyango

I'd love to see either shippy or gen fic for this fandom, either one. If shippy, I particularly ship Sun/Kala and Sun/Capheus, but I also love those pairs as platonic relationships. And of course Sun, Will and Wolfgang as the "I will beat everything up" squad is always fun. I'd also love to see Post-Season Two fic or character study pieces.
DNW: Major character death, PWP

Letter: http://convenientalias.tumblr.com/post/165947140524/yuletide-2017-letter


Request 2 by ConvenientAlias
Peter Darling - Austin Chant 

I love how this book plays with the idea of Neverland being real and unreal, and the concept of growing up and facing reality--how you need to do it eventually, but there are some things that you believe you can only achieve in your dreams, how you run away from the real world out of pain or fear. Also loved the characters, obviously! Peter/James and Peter/Ernest both strike me as very good ships, and Tink's loyalty to Peter as well as her background friendship with Hook are very interesting. A fic that plays with the reality/make believe and coming of age themes would be particularly interesting to me.
DNW: Major character death, PWP

Letter: http://convenientalias.tumblr.com/post/165947140524/yuletide-2017-letter


Request 3 by ConvenientAlias
Great Gatsby - F. Scott Fitzgerald 
Nick Carraway (Great Gatsby - Fitzgerald), Jay Gatsby (Great Gatsby - Fitzgerald)

I definitely believe Nick is either gay or bi--in any case, not straight. Nick/Gatsby fic would be fun. I do think Nick certainly has a crush on him in canon. But I'd also be interested to see fics about them separate of their relationship if that's your thing, especially Nick, who feels both isolated from the world of New York and intrigued by it. Of course a lot of Nick's personality in The Great Gatsby is shown in relation to Gatsby and vice versa, so perhaps they do better together after all.
DNW: PWP. In this fandom I don't actually mind major character death since it's canon, but I'd still prefer to see Gatsby live if possible.

Letter: http://convenientalias.tumblr.com/post/165947140524/yuletide-2017-letter


Request 4 by ConvenientAlias
The Queen's Thief - Megan Whalen Turner 
Eugenides (Queen's Thief), Attolia (Queen's Thief), Kamet (Queen's Thief), Eddis (Queen's Thief)

I'm fine with either shippy fic or gen. If shippy, Eugenides/Attolia and Eddis/Attolia both are very good ships, but I'd also be kind of interested in Eugenides/Kamet if anyone out there can see that ship as a thing. I'm intrigued by their relationship: how they were friends pre-QoA and what there might be between them now. If  gen, I'd still love to see any of the relationships above explored in a platonic manner.
DNW: Major character death, PWP

Letter: http://convenientalias.tumblr.com/post/165947140524/yuletide-2017-letter


Request 5 by ConvenientAlias
Dollhouse 

I love all the characters offered. For this fandom, I'd like to see morality play if possible: Do Adelle or Topher feel guilty about their choices? How self-aware is Echo, and how does she understand herself? How does Claire feel about being an imprint? Also if you want to write a shippy fic I really love the ships Adelle/Echo and Topher/Claire, but all combinations of these four are fun.
DNW: Major character death, PWP

Letter: http://convenientalias.tumblr.com/post/165947140524/yuletide-2017-letter


Request 6 by ConvenientAlias
Gattaca (1997) 

All the characters in this fandom are so interesting, as is the concept of the dystopian world where it's set. In a fic for this fandom I'd prefer to see Eugene survive, or at least not die within the scope of the fic. Fics about Eugene and Vincent's relationship, characters' perspective on their identity within such a perfectionistically dystopian world, or Anton and Vincent's relationship would be particularly interesting to me.
DNW: Major character death, PWP

Letter: http://convenientalias.tumblr.com/post/165947140524/yuletide-2017-letter


***

Request 1 by cookinguptales
Doris & Mary-Anne Are Breaking Out Of Prison (Web Series) 
Mary-Anne (Doris & Mary-Anne Are Breaking Out Of Prison), Doris (Doris & Mary-Anne Are Breaking Out Of Prison)

I would love shenanigans, future fic, and Doris/Mary-Anne fic. Prompts include being on the lam, holidays, bootlegging, jazz, and holidays with Gangrok the Destructor. More details and prompts in my letter.

DNWs include real-world &amp; identity politics, explicit underage, gore, bodily fluids, sexual violence, non-con, infidelity, or unasked for non-canon ships

Letter: http://cookinguptales.dreamwidth.org/67371.html


Request 2 by cookinguptales
Jackalope Wives Series - Ursula Vernon 
Grandma Harken (Jackalope Wives), Cholla-bone girl (Jackalope Wives)

I am asking for future fic with Grandman Harken and the cholla-bone girl. I'd love to see their further adventures and have several prompts in my letter about that.

DNWs include real-world &amp; identity politics, explicit underage, gore, bodily fluids, sexual violence, non-con, infidelity, or unasked for non-canon ships

Letter: http://cookinguptales.dreamwidth.org/67371.html


Request 3 by cookinguptales
Aviary Attorney (Video Game) 

I'd really love gen or Jayjay/Séverin fic. I have a lot of character-centric prompts in my letter, including but not limited to casefic, prompts for all endings (particularly the crazy ones), and holiday fic. Mostly interested in future fic, but not entirely.

DNWs include (modern) real-world &amp; identity politics, explicit underage, gore, bodily fluids, sexual violence, non-con, infidelity, or unasked for non-canon ships

Letter: http://cookinguptales.dreamwidth.org/67371.html


Request 4 by cookinguptales
The Sexy Brutale (Video Game) 

I'm interested in creepy fic that takes place in-game, pre-game, or in an everyone lives AU. Pairings are Willow/Tequila, Redd/Grey, and Trinity/Clay. Lots of character-centric prompts, and I'm interested in how the characters pre-game differ from the characters in-game, to put forth as few spoilers as possible. More prompts and details in letter.

DNWs include real-world &amp; identity politics, explicit underage, gore, bodily fluids, sexual violence, non-con, infidelity, or unasked for non-canon ships

Letter: http://cookinguptales.dreamwidth.org/67371.html


Request 5 by cookinguptales
Little Witch Academia 
Atsuko "Akko" Kagari, Diana Cavendish, Ursula Callistis | Chariot du Nord, Croix Meridies

Interested in cute get-together fic for Akko/Diana, magical school hijinks, or kind of fucked up Chariot/Croix. Many more prompts and details in letter. I am okay if not all four characters are used.

DNWs include real-world &amp; identity politics, explicit underage, gore, bodily fluids, sexual violence, non-con, infidelity, or unasked for non-canon ships

Letter: http://cookinguptales.dreamwidth.org/67371.html


Request 6 by cookinguptales
The Katering Show 
Kate McLennan (The Katering Show), Kate McCartney (The Katering Show)

I've requested silly future fic for this canon, and I'd love McLennan/McCartney. I've got a variety of prompts in my letter.

DNWs include real-world &amp; identity politics, explicit underage, gore, bodily fluids, sexual violence, non-con, infidelity, or unasked for non-canon ships

Letter: http://cookinguptales.dreamwidth.org/67371.html


***

Request 1 by copperiisulfate
Un-Go 
Yuuki Shinjuurou, Inga (Un-Go)
Letter: http://chalcanthite.tumblr.com/post/166201944841/


Request 2 by copperiisulfate
Adekan 
Yamada Kojiro, Yoshiwara Shiro
Letter: http://chalcanthite.tumblr.com/post/166201944841/


Request 3 by copperiisulfate
Bartimaeus - Jonathan Stroud 
Ptolemy (Bartimaeus), Bartimaeus (Bartimaeus)
Letter: http://chalcanthite.tumblr.com/post/166201944841/


***

Request 1 by coprime
Disgaea 2: Cursed Memories 
Adell (Disgaea 2: Cursed Memories), Rozalin (Disgaea 2: Cursed Memories)

I was super invested in Rozalin and Adell's relationship by the time the game ended, so I'd love any thing about what these two get up to after the game. How would wedding planning go for them? Do they visit Hanako (and Etna) sometimes? Would they live in Adell's hometown or somewhere else? Would Taro try to follow them if they go somewhere so he can still be Roz's servant? What would they butt heads about and how do they resolve disagreements?

Please no noncon, major character death, or infidelity.

Letter: http://coprime.dreamwidth.org/95717.html


Request 2 by coprime
Final Fantasy IX 
Amarant Coral (Final Fantasy IX), Freya Crescent (Final Fantasy IX)

I have always thought that Freya and Amarant had a connection, so I'd love something shippy for them. If that's not your thing, I'd also love anything about them and their relationship as teammates/friends. We know they can work together well for a mission, so what's it like for them to spend time together when there's not a specific goal they're working towards? Or how would it go during the Festival of the Hunt now that they're friends?

Please no noncon, major character death, or infidelity.

Letter: http://coprime.dreamwidth.org/95717.html


Request 3 by coprime
Sons of Destiny - Jean Johnson 
Koranen (Sons of Destiny - Jean Johnson), Danau (Sons of Destiny - Jean Johnson)

I love this entire series, but Koranen and Danau's story was the one that left me with the most questions. What's it like living in Menomon for Koranen? Do people treat Danau differently now that she has a husband or is she still looked down on because she only has one husband? What's it like for Koranen and Danau to be in training to be the next fountain guardians? How does living so far from Koranen's family affect them? Does Koranen enjoy living underwater because it lessens the need for staircases to put his wife on so he can kiss her easily? What if they had kids--would their children inherit their strong affinities for fire/ice or would they have to be careful not to harm their children? I thought Koranen and Danau were incredibly sweet together but feel like there's still so much more of their story waiting to be told.

Please no noncon, major character death, or infidelity.

Letter: http://coprime.dreamwidth.org/95717.html


Request 4 by coprime
Trolls (2016) 
Branch (Trolls), Poppy (Trolls)

I was not expecting to adore this movie as much as I did when I started watching it, but something about the songs and bright colors and general optimism drew me in and Branch and Poppy and their relationship are the heart of the movie. They both come out of the movie changed for the better, but that doesn't mean it's easy for them now. So what is it like for them after the movie? Does Poppy have trouble fitting in with the other trolls because of what she went through? Does Branch struggle with having fun at parties after a lifetime of avoiding them? How do they teach the Bergens to be happy?

Please no noncon, major character death, or infidelity.

Letter: http://coprime.dreamwidth.org/95717.html


Request 5 by coprime
モンスター娘のいる日常 | Monster Musume no Iru Nichijou 
Suu (Monster Musume), Papi (Monster Musume)

This show is just so fun with all the situations the girls get into. I like Suu learning about the world, and Suu and Papi going out exploring, and the friendship they forge doing this. So I'd love any sort of antics Suu and Papi get up to on their own. Maybe they visit a beach or attend a festival. If you'd like to take things in a shippy direction, I'd love that too.

Please no major character death.

Letter: http://coprime.dreamwidth.org/95717.html


***

Request 1 by coralysendria
Dark Is Rising Sequence - Susan Cooper 
Will Stanton, Jane Drew, Bran Davies (Dark Is Rising), The Lady (Dark Is Rising)
Letter: http://lallis-folly.dreamwidth.org/20625.html


Request 2 by coralysendria
Ysabel - Guy Gavriel Kay 
Kimberly Ford (Ysabel), Ned Marriner, Ysabel (Ysabel), Melanie (Ysabel)
Letter: http://lallis-folly.dreamwidth.org/20625.html


Request 3 by coralysendria
Practical Magic (1998) 
Frances Owens, Gillian Owens, Sally Owens, Bridget "Jet" Owens
Letter: http://lallis-folly.dreamwidth.org/20625.html


Request 4 by coralysendria
The Tomorrow People (1973) 
Stephen Jameson (Tomorrow People 1973), Mike Bell (Tomorrow People 1973), Elizabeth M'Bondo (Tomorrow People 1973), Andrew Forbes (Tomorrow People 1973)
Letter: http://lallis-folly.dreamwidth.org/20625.html


Request 5 by coralysendria
The Tomorrow People (1992) 
Adam Newman (Tomorrow People (1992)), Megabyte Damon (Tomorrow People (1992)), Jade Weston (Tomorrow People (1992)), Ami Jackson (Tomorrow People (1992))
Letter: http://lallis-folly.dreamwidth.org/20625.html


Request 6 by coralysendria
Robin of Sherwood 
Robert of Huntington (Robin of Sherwood), Marion of Leaford (Robin of Sherwood)
Letter: http://lallis-folly.dreamwidth.org/20625.html


***

Request 1 by Cori Lannam (corilannam)
Dunkirk (2017) 
Collins (Dunkirk), Farrier (Dunkirk)

Look, I'm going to be honest with you here: I went to Dunkirk for Harry Styles. I mean, I would have seen it anyway, because I'm a WWII buff, but fundamentally, Harry Styles. I was not expecting to end up with a massive Jack Lowden crush along the way. But here we are.

I would love any kind of story dealing with the relationship between Collins and Farrier. I totally slash them, but if you don't, feel free to stick with a brotherly dynamic. I'd like something centered around the War (pre-, during, or immediately post), no present-day AUs. However, I'd be utterly tickled by a wartime AU where same-sex love was totally normal and accepted, maybe even honored in the military (where a wingman can be like a shieldmate). Not a necessity, but feel free to go that way if that tickles your fancy as well.

Some prompts for your inspirational convenience:
* Something when they first meet when Collins joins the squadron before the war starts. Maybe they're a little prickly at first, being very different personalities and backgrounds, but they can't seem to stop dancing around each other. Eventually they realize they're both men for men and one of them decides to court the other amid the chaos of the oncoming war.
* Farrier escapes the enemy and makes his way back home, maybe in time to fight with Collins in the Battle of Britain, or maybe arriving just after and fearing what he'll find. 
* Either before Dunkirk or later in the war, one of them gets shot down and the other is sure that they didn't make it (but of course they did)
* A series of times they flew together, on patrol or in battle. 

DNW: no death, please! Assumed death for the sake of angst is just fine, as long as it has the comfort payoff. And please no pairing them with other people, whether or not you write them as lovers.

Dunkirk-specific likes: I adore dogfight scenes where you can feel the adrenaline rush. Out of all the various first names I've seen for Collins in fic, my favorite is Ainsley (no preference for Farrier's). I'd be happy to see any of the other Dunkirk characters around as secondary characters, as long as there's a logical reason for them to be there. For the record, I also adore Tommy/Alex as a pairing, so if for whatever reason the Collins/Farrier isn't floating your boat, I would also be perfectly happy with a Tommy/Alex story (not that the two of them have a great record with floating boats).

Letter: http://corilannam.dreamwidth.org/307574.html


Request 2 by Cori Lannam (corilannam)
The Charioteer - Mary Renault 
Ralph Lanyon, Laurie Odell

When I got obsessed with Dunkirk, I remembered that one of my old favorite Mary Renault books was actually set right after Dunkirk. So I decided to re-read it and tumbled right back down the rabbit hole, harder than ever. I am completely obsessed and fascinated with Ralph and Laurie as individual characters and as a couple. 

Some prompts for your inspirational convenience:
* An AU where Ralph doesn't start anything with Hazell. He and Laurie become closer while still at school and become lovers long before Dunkirk.
* Anything set soon after the end of the book as they try to get their relationship on solid ground amid the chaos of war.
* Something exploring Ralph's POV at the end of the book. How did he end up so close to suicide? What did he feel when he walked into his flat and saw Laurie there? The final words of the book imply that they were able to finally stop fighting all the things driving them and rest together - but how did that look, the rest of that night? (alternatively: Alec's POV as he figures out what's going on, sends Laurie to Ralph, and then waits to discover the outcome)
* Or Ralph's POV during the infamous party scene - how he felt when he first saw Laurie alive and well, all the pushes and pulls he must have felt during those hours, dealing with everything going on at the party, longing for Laurie but still so unsure of him, trying to get his own head together while also managing everyone else.

DNW: no death, no infidelity, no Andrew (unless it's a scene of him meeting the real Ralph, but please no lingering romantic feelings to/from Laurie). Beyond the level of the books, no feckless or submissive Laurie or domineering or condescending Ralph.

Charioteer-specific likes: I love Laurie and Ralph as equal partners, each bringing their own strengths to the relationship. I love Laurie learning to take care of Ralph as much as Ralph takes care of him, and Ralph learning to allow and enjoy it. I love Laurie learning how he wants to define himself as a queer man and figuring out how he fits into that world on his own terms. I really like Alec as a side character, and I'm fond of Sandy as well (if you include him, please don't treat him poorly! he's capable of growth, too!). I also wouldn't mind Bunny popping back into the scene, if you think of something interesting to do with him - particularly interacting with a Laurie more confident in himself and Ralph's love. I also love outsider POVs on their relationship.

Letter: http://corilannam.dreamwidth.org/307574.html


Request 3 by Cori Lannam (corilannam)
Lethal Weapon (TV) 
Trish Murtaugh (Lethal Weapon (TV)), Roger Murtaugh (Lethal Weapon (TV)), Martin Riggs (Lethal Weapon (TV)), Brooks Avery (Lethal Weapon (TV))

This is my little stealth fandom that no one else seems to love! I adore this show and all the characters and their relationships. The Riggs/Murtaugh relationship is the absolute perfect slashy bromance -- I'd love a story focusing on that relationship whether it's platonic bros or bickering lovers. Either way, though, Trish needs to be fully aware and involved, because I love her and her relationship with Roger. I guess what I really want is to see Riggs getting semi-reluctantly absorbed into the Murtaugh family. I also tagged Captain Avery here because he is so long-sufferingly awesome and I would be so happy if he were involved as a major character dealing with his brilliant asshole cops. 

Some prompts for your inspirational convenience:
* Riggs and Murtaugh trying to cope with their first family Christmas, possibly including some criminal hijinx that keep pulling them away from the eggnog
* Murtaugh has a near-death experience (another heart attack, shot, whatever) and gets to talk to Miranda Riggs before he's brought back 
* One of them gets kidnapped and the other works with Captain Avery to rescue him in time.

DNW: no death (real death, assumed death for the sake of angst is A-okay!), no infidelity (polyamory in any configuration is also A-okay!)

LW-specific likes: show-level banter, all the side characters (but maybe less of Jordana Brewster as the Worst Psychologist Ever, unless it's for amusing therapy sessions which would be awesome), the awesomeness of the Murtaugh family, those moments when Murtaugh proves he's just as crazy as Riggs, outsider POVs on their relationship

Letter: http://corilannam.dreamwidth.org/307574.html


***

Request 1 by coricomile
The Breakfast Club (1985) 
John Bender, Brian Johnson (Breakfast Club)

General likes: friends-to-lovers, enemies-to-lovers, roadtrips, raising kids together, dystopian aus, post-apocalyptic rebuilding, dom/sub relationships, possessive behavior, magical realism, canon divergence, hurt/comfort, dubcon, tackling mental illness, kid fic, fix-its.

General dislikes include scat/watersports, death of main characters, werewolves, genderswap, non-con, angst for the sake of angst.

I really love both characters. They're both broken in such complementary ways, and I enjoy seeing that contrast between them. I also really like when writers deal with how having a homosexual relationship in the 80s was very different from having one now. I'm up for anything with them, with a particular fondness for getting together/having a secret relationship and the fallout of that/what they do when they graduate.


Request 2 by coricomile
Vegas Golden Knights RPF 
James Neal (Vegas Golden Knights RPF), Marc-Andre Fleury (Vegas Golden Knights RPF)

General likes: friends-to-lovers, enemies-to-lovers, roadtrips, raising kids together, dystopian aus, post-apocalyptic rebuilding, dom/sub relationships, possessive behavior, magical realism, canon divergence, hurt/comfort, dubcon, tackling mental illness, kid fic, fix-its.

General dislikes include scat/watersports, death of main characters, werewolves, genderswap, non-con, angst for the sake of angst.

My heart is still broken over Flower. Please fix. He worked so hard for so many years and gave so much of himself to one team and one city that changing has to be crushing. Tell me about him and Nealer reconnecting as teammates after so long. Is James still bitter about being on the wrong end of the finals last year? Does he hate that he knows he'll probably never get another Cup? Does Flower hate it? Do they remember, slowly or right away, how much they liked each other before? More? Basically, make Flower being Not in Pittsburgh okay, please.


Request 3 by coricomile
Washington Capitals RPF 
Alexander Ovechkin (Washington Capitals RPF), Nicklas Backstrom (Washington Capitals RPF), T. J. Oshie (Washington Capitals RPF)

General likes: friends-to-lovers, enemies-to-lovers, roadtrips, raising kids together, dystopian aus, post-apocalyptic rebuilding, dom/sub relationships, possessive behavior, magical realism, canon divergence, hurt/comfort, dubcon, tackling mental illness, kid fic, fix-its.

General dislikes include scat/watersports, death of main characters, werewolves, genderswap, non-con, angst for the sake of angst.

Ovi is this larger than life, no fucks given, shit stirring loud mouth and I love him and everything he's about. I want all the stories about him being awesome. I want the story of mama Ovi, who is amazing in her own right, instilling his sense of hard work into him. I want the story where he (finally) gets the Cup he deserves and brings it to visit his brother's grave in a sign of thanks. I want the story about where his goofing off melts into his steel hard resolve. I mean, I also want the story where he and Niklas are team dads together, or regular child dads together, or the story of how they made it easier for TJ to transition from the Blues and just kind of swept him off his feet kicking and screaming into their little world. Tl;Dr: gimme all the stories with Ovi, please and thank you.


Request 4 by coricomile
Buzzfeed: The Try Guys 
Keith Habersberger (Try Guys), Eugene Lee Yang (Try Guys)

General likes: friends-to-lovers, enemies-to-lovers, roadtrips, raising kids together, dystopian aus, post-apocalyptic rebuilding, dom/sub relationships, possessive behavior, magical realism, canon divergence, hurt/comfort, dubcon, tackling mental illness, kid fic, fix-its.

General dislikes include scat/watersports, death of main characters, werewolves, genderswap, non-con, angst for the sake of angst.

Keith's muppet face. I enjoy the Try Guys because they're so nonstereotypicaly masculine and endlessly comfortable with the sheer number of times they've seen each other naked for the camera. I want so, so badly for the story of how Eugene and Keith hooked up during the filming of testing the legal blood alcohol limit, but am also up for anything else involving them. They both have such great senses of humor, and I'd like to see that translated. Or, alternatively, filming the apocalypse. Because what else are they going to do?


Request 5 by coricomile
Pittsburgh Penguins RPF 
Olli Maatta (Pittsburgh Penguins RPF), Kris Letang (Pittsburgh Penguins RPF)

General likes: friends-to-lovers, enemies-to-lovers, roadtrips, raising kids together, dystopian aus, post-apocalyptic rebuilding, dom/sub relationships, possessive behavior, magical realism, canon divergence, hurt/comfort, dubcon, tackling mental illness, kid fic, fix-its.

General dislikes include scat/watersports, death of main characters, werewolves, genderswap, non-con, angst for the sake of angst.

Defense and IR buddies! Tell me all about Olli's hero worship turned crush, or Tanger's minor freakout about being really attracted to the quiet Finnish kid, or about the time they were both out and discovered exactly how awesome the other one is by moping and watching a lot of not-hockey together. Were they together during Olli's cancer scare? Do they talk each other down from the negative thought spirals when they're out? I'm fine with all the injury talk, but I've got some personal reasons to want to avoid Tanger's stroke. Please don't mention that, if you could.


***

Request 1 by CozyPillowFightClub
Trolls (2016) 
Branch (Trolls), Poppy (Trolls), Creek (Trolls)

This movie was wonderful. It made me cry. I'd love to read a lot more stories exploring their world. All of the creatures that Poppy and Branch ran into were really interesting.

Also I'm interested in what ifs, any fic exploring divergent paths, what would have happened if Creek hadn't sold everyone out? What if Poppy had lost her family and Branch hadn't? What if Creek and Branch secretly had a thing based on mutual hate!sex even before the movie started?

I ship Poppy/Branch and Creek/Branch.


Request 2 by CozyPillowFightClub
Dumbing of Age 
Dina Saruyama (Dumbing of Age), Carla Rutten (Dumbing of Age), Becky MacIntyre (Dumbing of Age)

I love this comic so much! Carla, Becky, and Dina are my favorite characters and I would love just about anything with them! Becky and Dina's first time, any of their first times, even silly ones like first pride festival. Carla getting new skates from a secret admirer, who could it be? 

I ship Becky/Dina, Becky/Joyce, Joyce/Carla, Carla/being badass, Carla/skating.


Request 3 by CozyPillowFightClub
Night In The Woods (Video Game) 
Mae Borowski, Lori M.

OMG Lori! The rat girl with the panic attacks and the movie script! She wrote a part in it just for Mae! Give me more of the two of them hanging out and maybe making a movie or two.

I ship Lori/Mae!


***

Request 1 by cranialaccessory
The Exorcist (TV) 
Marcus Keane, Tomas Ortega

I'd love some h/c and slash!


Request 2 by cranialaccessory
The Get Down (TV) 
Shaolin Fantastic, Ezekiel "Zeke" Figuero

I'd love some Zeke/Shao, could be unrequited or very requited.


Request 3 by cranialaccessory
Castlevania (Cartoon) 
Trevor Belmont (Castlevania (Cartoon)), Alucard (Castlevania (Cartoon))

I'd love some Trevor/Alucard, hurt/comfort, them both being their snarky douchebag selves.


Request 4 by cranialaccessory
A Study in Emerald - Neil Gaiman 
Sherlock Holmes (Study in Emerald), John Watson (Study in Emerald)

***

Request 1 by crazykookie
Star Trek: Discovery 
Philippa Georgiou (Star Trek: Discovery), Michael Burnham (Star Trek: Discovery)

Femslash or Gen. Please look to the letter! I will be writing an updated request there, I just would like to spend a bit of time on it ^__^ ty
Feel free to include other characters.

Letter: http://enjoyyourcocoa.dreamwidth.org/440.html


Request 2 by crazykookie
Stranger Things (TV 2016) 
Nancy Wheeler, Jonathan Byers, Steve Harrington

Please look to the letter! Thank you ^__^
Feel free to include other characters.

Letter: http://enjoyyourcocoa.dreamwidth.org/440.html


Request 3 by crazykookie
Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers 
Harriet Vane (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers)

Please look to the letter! Thank you ^__^
Feel free to include other characters.

Letter: http://enjoyyourcocoa.dreamwidth.org/440.html


***

Request 1 by crepesculum
Elemental Blessings Series - Sharon Shinn 
Melissande (Elemental Blessings)

General likes: werewolves, alternate universes (preferably not academia AUs), retellings, domesticity, mermaids, breakup/makeup fic, and strong friendships.

Do Not Want: parental death, explicit depictions of bigotry, domestic violence, sexual violence, stories that take characters who are canonically women and make them men.

I also don’t like helplessly sad endings (complicated endings are fine, but I would prefer at least a hopeful one), explicit non-canonical infidelity (I’m fine with ignoring canonical relationships), or fic that makes canonically queer characters straight.

For more specific prompts for this canon, please see my dear author letter!

Letter: http://crepesculum.dreamwidth.org/807.html


Request 2 by crepesculum
The Lion in Winter (1968) 
Eleanor of Aquitaine (The Lion in Winter), Alais (Lion in Winter)

General likes: werewolves, alternate universes (preferably not academia AUs), retellings, domesticity, mermaids, breakup/makeup fic, and strong friendships.

Do Not Want: parental death, explicit depictions of bigotry, domestic violence, sexual violence, stories that take characters who are canonically women and make them men.

I also don’t like helplessly sad endings (complicated endings are fine, but I would prefer at least a hopeful one), explicit non-canonical infidelity (I’m fine with ignoring canonical relationships), or fic that makes canonically queer characters straight.

For more specific prompts for this canon, please see my dear author letter!

Letter: http://crepesculum.dreamwidth.org/807.html


Request 3 by crepesculum
Jewish Scripture & Legend 
David | Dāūd (Tanakh), Yehonatan | Jonathan (Tanakh)

General likes: werewolves, alternate universes (preferably not academia AUs), retellings, domesticity, mermaids, breakup/makeup fic, and strong friendships.

Do Not Want: parental death, explicit depictions of bigotry, domestic violence, sexual violence, stories that take characters who are canonically women and make them men.

I also don’t like helplessly sad endings (complicated endings are fine, but I would prefer at least a hopeful one), explicit non-canonical infidelity (I’m fine with ignoring canonical relationships), or fic that makes canonically queer characters straight.

For more specific prompts for this canon, please see my dear author letter!

Letter: http://crepesculum.dreamwidth.org/807.html


***

Request 1 by crescent_gaia
Miss Sloane (2016) 
Rodolfo Schmidt, Elizabeth Sloane, Jane Molloy, Esme Manucharian
Letter: http://crescent-gaia.dreamwidth.org/1562226.html


Request 2 by crescent_gaia
Welcome to the Punch (2013) 
Max Lewinsky, Jacob Sternwood, Ruan Sternwood, Sarah Hawks
Letter: http://crescent-gaia.dreamwidth.org/1562226.html


Request 3 by crescent_gaia
Practical Magic (1998) 
Sally Owens, Frances Owens, Gillian Owens, Bridget "Jet" Owens
Letter: http://crescent-gaia.dreamwidth.org/1562226.html


***

Request 1 by cricket_aria
Liar! Uncover the Truth (Visual Novel) 
Main Character (Liar!), Katagiri Keima (Liar!), Mamiya Haruichi (Liar!)

I requested the MC along with two of my favorite guys, even if they're both liars.   Keima because his lover ending stands out as the only one where the guy works his ass off to fix his faults and become worthy of the MC's affections instead of just sorta hovering around pestering her until she decides they're too pathetic to not hear out, Haruichi because even if you don't purchase his complete route he's the only one who across all of his endings (except the bad end, which just feels out of character compared to the rest) is obviously really in love with the MC. Also, his lie is a pretty sexy one.  I'd like shippy fic with one of the guys or the other, but you don't need to have the the other show up!

I also really enjoy how the game makes it clear that the MC is not the greatest prize herself, while she's pretty and fun she's also terrible at being an adult and too judgmental (with the two guys here it's very obvious in Haruichi's route, where she's constantly having unkind thoughts about poor Ayumi even though the poor kid's obviously super on her side). The only thing I ask when it comes to picking a name for her is that you go with one that's Japanese.

Letter: http://person4.dreamwidth.org/143990.html


Request 2 by cricket_aria
Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator 
Dadsona (Dream Daddy), Joseph Christiansen

Soooo, I totally went into this game expecting Joseph to be the guy I would totally hate only to end up on the "Oh my god, give these poor guys a happy ending! He can dump my character while he works through things, that's fine, but that marriage needs to end!" side.  So, yes, always more fix-it fic please! And, like I said, I would totally count it as being fix-it if the two guys don't end up together but their time together it just the push Joseph needs to get out of that marriage.

One thing I will say is that I prefer you not run with the word of god that Joseph was comfortably bi all along. He doesn't need to angst over being gay, but if he's not at least firmly in the closet to 99.9% of the world the lack of a good ending just feels even more annoying.  Also, no cult-ending stuff please.

Letter: http://person4.dreamwidth.org/143990.html


Request 3 by cricket_aria
Long Live the Queen (Video Game) 
Elodie (Long Live the Queen), Ignatius (Long Live the Queen)

Ha, I totally didn't plan to request this again when I just got a wonderful story for the pairing in Press Start, but then I saw that *someone else* had nominated Ignatius and went "Well, okay, this is clearly a sign."

You know, the only reason I ever got this ending was because I wanted to get the achievement for getting him to divorce then figured I might as well go for the match, because otherwise I would never be willing to toss Julianna in jail and not release her. So I was honestly surprised when I got it and it turned out to be one of my very favorites. I really like how we know from WoG that the reason he abstains at the vote of no confidence is because he's grateful to her for his position but thinks that she's completely mad for treating his sister the way she did, and it takes you literally making her the very best Elodie she can be to make him see her as someone he could love, and even then she really has to work for it to make him consider marrying someone so young showing that she must genuinely want to be with him to bother. And, honestly, it just makes me happy for the poor guy to finally have someone who really wants him.

Letter: http://person4.dreamwidth.org/143990.html


Request 4 by cricket_aria
Kill Six Billion Demons (Webcomic) 
Allison Ruth, Cio (Kill Six Billions Demons)

With the way the number one trigger of Allison going all slaughtery lately has been things about to cause harm to Cio I've had this mental picture that the way she earns the name Kill Six Billion Demons by suffering a (non-fatal, of course) misstep at some point in her journey which Himself counts as enough of a failure to set the hordes on Cio, and Allison kills her way after every one that dares come after her.  After all, she only agreed that if she lost the Court would be set loose to kill Cio, nobody ever said that she'd just stand back and let them harm her.

Letter: http://person4.dreamwidth.org/143990.html


Request 5 by cricket_aria
Psychonauts 
Razputin Aquato, Sasha Nein

Man, this game is my forever girl. I've played it about a billion times, bought it in multiple formats just to shove more money at Doublefine because of how much I love it, and even streamed a playthrough of the thing.

I do ship future Sasha/Raz, but absolutely do not feel like you need to work that in if it squicks you.

I'd love some mission fic. You don't even need to go deeply into what the mission itself is, I'd just be really interested in seeing how the brain-diving we do in-game translates to using it against villains who are actively fighting them instead of people who area generally okay with them being in there. Future summers at camp would be fun too! I always see Raz as continuing to go even when he's too old for it, because he's still too young to be recognized as a real Psychonaut and they're the only ones who treat him like he is one anyway. Maybe he starts acting as a counselor himself?

Letter: http://person4.dreamwidth.org/143990.html


Request 6 by cricket_aria
The Good Place (TV) 
Eleanor Shellstrop, Michael (The Good Place)

I totally ship the two of them. I loved it when he was a thorn in her side, constantly hanging around and dragging her into things when she was trying to fly under the radar and I love it even more when she's an even bigger thorn in *his* side, constantly upsetting his plans.

Go ahead and focus on any loop, or any of the plans in them (the seduce Michael plan is an obvious stand-out for shippiness potential, but the plan to convince Michael that he was the one in the Bad Place must surely have been fun, and basically all of them could spin off somewhere awesome), or write something about them working together!

Letter: http://person4.dreamwidth.org/143990.html


***

Request 1 by Croik
Atomic Blonde (2017) 
Lorraine Broughton, Delphine Lasalle

I'm looking for anything with Lorraine and Delphine, preferably shipped.  Can be during the movie or after, possibly a fix-it for Delphine where she survives and escapes with Lorraine.  Maybe they continue being spies together going on kick-ass 80s adventures, or maybe they go rouge and live the rest of their lives together on the run.  One of them getting hurt and needing the other's protection would be great.  Porn would be a plus.

More details in my letter!

Letter: http://croik.livejournal.com/126280.html


Request 2 by Croik
The Evil Within (Video Game) 
Joseph Oda

I'd love to see anything of Joseph in the period between TEW1 and TEW2, especially him in Mobius' clutches, undergoing terrible experiments at their hands.  I ship Admin/Jo and Ruvik/Jo so anything super dark and or sexual is great.  Go as creepy or cerebral as you want.  Joseph finding a way to fight back would also be great.

I'll be playing TEW2 day one so feel free to use anything from either game, or ignore TEW2 entirely if it gives us anything you don't like.  I'm extremely open.

Letter: http://croik.livejournal.com/126280.html


Request 3 by Croik
The Wolf - Phildel (Song) 
The Wolf (The Wolf), Sire (The Wolf)

I'd love to see any interpretation of the two characters in the song, as The Wolf hunts and possibly succeeds in destroying the Sire.  What did the Sire do to earn The Wolf's anger?  Were they master/knight, or maybe lovers?  Is "the wolf" a metaphor or is it some kind of werewolf?  I'm excited for any combination of genders and circumstances.

Letter: http://croik.livejournal.com/126280.html


Request 4 by Croik
10 Billion Husbands (Video Game) 

What I'm most interested is a meta-ish exploration of the concept. Does this mysterious player/master LITERALLY have 10 billion husbands? That's the entire population of a PLANET. In the game there's only about a dozen total and the rest are just copies, so what if they're all clones? If they are all legally married to their unseen overlord, and there's way too many for any of them to get any actual love or attention for it, what do they do? Is there some kind of science and/or magic involved? Are they compelled to be faithful, do they turn to each other for real companionship? What is wrong with this planet that every living person is part of the same polygamist arrangement?

I'm interested in any combination of characters, some prompts are in my letter.

Letter: http://croik.livejournal.com/126280.html


Request 5 by Croik
Pyre (Video Game) 
The Reader (Pyre), Hedwyn (Pyre)

I ship Reader/Hedwyn, so I'd really like to see something of the two of them struggling to survive the downside together, either during the game or after they've been stranded forever.  Anything of them taking care of each other and dealing with their fate would be great.  

I'm also interested in a very dark interpretation of their relationship if you're into that, wherein the Reader denies Hedwyn anointment to keep him to themselves.  Whether or not he's "okay" with this can be up to you.  

Feel free to assign the Reader any name or gender you like, I'm totally okay with you treating them like an OC.

Letter: http://croik.livejournal.com/126280.html


***

Request 1 by croissantkatie
Les Aventures Extraordinaires d'Adele Blanc-Sec (2010) 
Adele Blanc-Sec, Agathe Blanc-Sec, Patmosis, Professor Espérandieu

There's something about the tone of this film that I absolutely love - how absurd it is and yet how Adele takes everything in stride so matter of factly. I love the two sisters and their relationship and how Adele portrays it and how it actually was and how she does love her sister. I love Adele and her penchant for ridiculoaus disguises. To be honest, I'd love to see anything set in this world but particular favourites of mine are the sisterly relationship, Adele going after what she wants with utter determination, and the blending of the historical time period with fantastical elements. Also, Patmosis and the mummies remain hilarious to me.

Letter: http://croissantkatie.dreamwidth.org/48579.html


Request 2 by croissantkatie
The Mrs Bradley Mysteries 
Adela Bradley, George Moody, Inspector Christmas

This show is basically catnip for me. I adore it. I absolutely love murder mysteries, and period ones in particular, and fabulous ladies. What I really want is something that explores Adela and George's relationship. I am of the firm opinion that something is going on between them and would love to see something about that, porny or not. If you go down this route, it might also be interesting to look at the tension (or possibly lack of tension) Inspector Christmas and his interest in Adela causes. I'm also super interested in Adela's character and her interest in psychology and her progressive views, so something which looks into that would also be super interesting.

Letter: http://croissantkatie.dreamwidth.org/48579.html


Request 3 by croissantkatie
Albert Campion - Margery Allingham 
Albert Campion, Magersfontein Lugg, Amanda Fitton, Stanislaus Oates

I love the tv series with Peter Davison, and came to the books that way. I'm particularly fond of the whimsy in the earlier books and the tv series. I enjoy the way it gentle mocks the trope of the gentleman detective. I love Lugg and his loyalty and his history and his gruffness. I love Amanda and her enthusiasm and her engines. I really enjoy the relationships between all the characters as well. Basically I love all of it and any fic would be amazing.

Letter: http://croissantkatie.dreamwidth.org/48579.html


***

Request 1 by csi_sanders1129
American Gods (TV) 
Shadow Moon (American Gods (TV)), Mad Sweeney (American Gods (TV))

I’ll take anything. I actually have not seen the last two episodes of the season (though I have read the book and intend to watch promptly once the blu-ray comes out next week) so I’ll be caught up soon enough. I’d love more interaction between Shadow and Sweeney – whether fighting and bickering or slowly turning to allies (or more - Slash would be amazing, but gen or just pre-slash would be fine if that’s not your cup of tea), ideally less Dead Wife. Thank you so much for whatever it is you choose to write, it is very much appreciated!


Request 2 by csi_sanders1129
Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator 
Robert Small, Dadsona (Dream Daddy)

So, if you’re hip to the cult ending, a rescue by Robert would be awesome, or even just some hurt/comfort afterward. If not, then maybe just a future date where Robert finally decides he’s in a good enough headspace to actually be with you. Thank you so much for whatever it is you choose to write, it is very much appreciated!


Request 3 by csi_sanders1129
Iron Fist (TV) 
Ward Meachum (Iron Fist (TV)), Danny Rand (Iron Fist (TV))

Somehow, despite hating on him for most the episodes, I came to love Ward more than any other character in the show. Maybe something with Ward and Danny just hanging out doing normal things since Danny’s pretty much all Ward has now (especially with Joy off being plotty) or Danny training Ward and Ward being surprised when he actually enjoys it and isn’t awful at it? Again, slash would be cool, but gen if not, please. Thank you so much for whatever it is you choose to write, it is very much appreciated!


Request 4 by csi_sanders1129
Scream (Movies) 
Billy Loomis, Stu Macher

What if the plan worked? What if Dewey and Randy and Sidney and Gale all actually died and Billy and Stu got away with their plan? Would love to either see how they go about getting away with it or see some sort of celebration after they’re both healed up from their self-inflicted wounds. If you’re not into that idea, maybe some hypothetical murder plotting before they start the spree. Again, slash would be awesome, but murder-friends would work just as well. Thank you so much for whatever it is you choose to write, it is very much appreciated!


***

Request 1 by csoru
Prey (Video Game 2017) 
Mikhaila Ilyushin, Morgan Yu, January (Prey)
Letter: http://csoru.tumblr.com/yuletide


Request 2 by csoru
Warchild Series - Karin Lowachee 
Jos Musey, Evan D'Silva, Yuri Kirov, Cairo Azarcon
Letter: http://csoru.tumblr.com/yuletide


Request 3 by csoru
Wiedźmin | The Witcher (Video Game) 
Yennefer z Vengerbergu | Yennefer of Vengerberg (Witcher Games), Triss Merigold (Witcher Games), Cirilla Fiona Elen Riannon (Witcher Games)
Letter: http://csoru.tumblr.com/yuletide


Request 4 by csoru
아가씨 | The Handmaiden (2016) 
Hideko (The Handmaiden), Sook-hee (The Handmaiden)
Letter: http://csoru.tumblr.com/yuletide


***

Request 1 by Cuits
Pitch (TV 2016) 
Ginny Baker, Mike Lawson

Request 2 by Cuits
Constantine (2005) 
Angela Dodson (Constantine 2005), John Constantine (Constantine 2005)

Request 3 by Cuits
Kings (TV 2009) 
Michelle Benjamin, David Shepherd

***

Request 1 by cynassa
Howl Series - Diana Wynne Jones 
Calcifer (Howl Series - DWJ), Howl Pendragon (Howl Series - DWJ), Lettie Hatter (Howl Series - DWJ), Sophie Hatter (Howl Series - DWJ)

I would love anything to do with these characters, but some ideas: 1. Michael and Martha are getting married and Howl finds himself feeling uncomfortably paternal and tries to avoid his feelings as usual.

2. Soon after the first book, where Sophie is getting more confident with magic but unintended consequences abound and Sophie desperately wants to fix it before Howl gets back and finds out and laughs at her.

3. Maybe they've just saved some kingdom or something and Lettie wants to know the story but Calcifer, Sophie and Howl have really really different versions of what happened and who was the real hero :D


Request 2 by cynassa
The Defenders (Marvel TV) 
Danny Rand (The Defenders (Marvel TV)), Luke Cage (The Defenders (Marvel TV)), Jessica Jones (The Defenders (Marvel TV)), Matt Murdock (The Defenders (Marvel TV))

I am particularly partial to an element of 'found family' and group bromance with these characters, and I would love funny little bits of them getting used to each other in some hypothetical universe/time where they decide to actually be a team. I'm not sure how you could fit that into the series canon timeline, but I'm also great with post-current canon fic. 

I would enjoy gen fic quite a bit, so no need to worry about pairing, but for info's sake, pairings I love: Luke/Jessica, Matt/Foggy, pairings I don't mind: Matt/Jess, Claire/Luke, Jess/Trish. Not a big fan of anything else, sorry!


Request 3 by cynassa
The Raven and the Reindeer - T. Kingfisher 
Gerta (The Raven and the Reindeer), Janna (The Raven and the Reindeer), Mousebones (The Raven and the Reindeer)

Very simply i want to know What Happened After. A bit of Janna backstory would be lovely too. But what are the pitfalls and discoveries on the way to the HEA? Alternatively, what is the next ig adventure? Do they set off to fight an unfriendly giant, find more royalty to unseat, adopt a cat?


***

Request 1 by Cyphomandra
The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant - Stephen R. Donaldson 
Linden Avery
Letter: http://cyphomandra.dreamwidth.org/117400.html


Request 2 by Cyphomandra
Annie On My Mind - Nancy Garden 
Liza Winthrop, Annie Kenyon, Katherine Widmer, Isabelle Stevenson
Letter: http://cyphomandra.dreamwidth.org/117400.html


Request 3 by Cyphomandra
Agricola (Board Game) 
Letter: http://cyphomandra.dreamwidth.org/117400.html


***

Request 1 by CypressSunn
American Gods (TV) 
Salim (American Gods (TV)), The Jinn | Ifrit (American Gods (TV))

Salim finds the Jinn again only to be rejected. Salim has no idea his journey has brought him to the forefront of the battle between the old and the new, or that the Jinn is trying to protect him.

Letter: http://cypresssunn.tumblr.com/post/166197117281/dear-yuletide-writer


Request 2 by CypressSunn
The Defenders (Marvel TV) 
Elektra Natchios (The Defenders (Marvel TV)), Matt Murdock (The Defenders (Marvel TV))

Post Defenders S1, Matt wakes up far far away from New York City. Elektra is there with him, ready to 'show' him the world.

Letter: http://cypresssunn.tumblr.com/post/166197117281/dear-yuletide-writer


Request 3 by CypressSunn
Longmire (TV) 
Henry Standing Bear (Longmire (TV)), Walt Longmire (Longmire (TV))

Anything with these two really.

Letter: http://cypresssunn.tumblr.com/post/166197117281/dear-yuletide-writer


Request 4 by CypressSunn
Killjoys (TV) 
Fancy Lee, Johnny Jaqobis, Lucy (Killjoys)

Lucy keeps *accidentally* calling Fancy and Johnny thinks it's just a bug in her programming. Except no, his ship is really trying to set him up.

Letter: http://cypresssunn.tumblr.com/post/166197117281/dear-yuletide-writer


***

Request 1 by cyren2132
Frequency (2000) 
Frank Sullivan (Frequency (2000)), John Sullivan (Frequency (2000))

I've provided prompts, but feel free to deviate, and please, please, please, don't confuse number of prompts, their degree of detail, or apparent enthusiasm for having favorites that I want more than the others. Everything is here because it's something I want.  General likes and fandom details in the letter.

DO NOT WANTS
* A/B/O, soul-bonding, love potions, etc. (basically, no supernatural/mystical/magical relationship dynamic)

* Non-canon established relationships

* Sexual violence or humiliation

* Alternate-setting AUs

* Age-gap romance (especially between characters with a parent/child, mentor/mentee relationship)

* PWP

* Incest

* 2nd-person/reader fic

PROMPTS: Two lines prompt three scenarios for me.
1. "She just died? Your mother just died?" "No, Dad. It happened a long time ago for me."

After this exchange, Frank considers a future without Julia and what it would be like to raise John by himself.

Lop off the last half of that conversation, and give me a story where Julia really DID just die in the future and Frank has to talk a devastated John through it.

2. "Time to die, soldier,"
(Said on John's end, heard on Frank's)

Frank's forgotten a lot of things in his lifetime, but he's carried those four words in his head for 30 years. Show me Old Man Frank Sullivan, waiting for the day he knows is coming. The day the man who tried to kill his wife will try to kill his son.

Letter: http://cyren2132.dreamwidth.org/1168070.html


Request 2 by cyren2132
Journeyman 

I've provided prompts, but feel free to deviate, and please, please, please, don't confuse number of prompts, their degree of detail, or apparent enthusiasm for having favorites that I want more than the others. Everything is here because it's something I want.   General likes and specific fandom details in the letter.

DO NOT WANTS
* A/B/O, soul-bonding, love potions, etc. (basically, no supernatural/mystical/magical relationship dynamic)

* Non-canon established relationships

* Sexual violence or humiliation

* Alternate-setting AUs

* Age-gap romance (especially between characters with a parent/child, mentor/mentee relationship)

* PWP

* Incest

* 2nd-person/reader fic

PROMPTS:  I just want more. It can be case-fic. It can be fluffy. It can be gen or shipfic or just about anything in between. One idea I was kind of wrangling with was for Jack and Theresa to be getting married but their wedding day is made all the more chaotic by Dan's journeys as they all have to add covering for him to their duties. And maybe something about what Dan's doing in the past disrupts Jack and Theresa in the future and he has to fix it? Or maybe Dan's journeys to the past help Jack solve a case in the present (and get Dan a big story for the paper). Or Katie and Theresa talk about life with Vasser men or about life in general, IDK. Or Katie has to go out of town for a week and since Zack can't miss that much school and Dan's erratic time-traveling isn't good for single parenting, they stay with Jack and hijinks ensue. Just, more Journeyman for everyone and no breaking up of Katie/Dan.

Letter: http://cyren2132.dreamwidth.org/1168070.html


Request 3 by cyren2132
The Pretender (TV) 
Jarod (The Pretender)

I've provided prompts, but feel free to deviate, and please, please, please, don't confuse number of prompts, their degree of detail, or apparent enthusiasm for having favorites that I want more than the others. Everything is here because it's something I want.   General likes in the letter.

DO NOT WANTS
* A/B/O, soul-bonding, love potions, etc. (basically, no supernatural/mystical/magical relationship dynamic)

* Non-canon established relationships

* Sexual violence or humiliation

* Alternate-setting AUs

* Age-gap romance (especially between characters with a parent/child, mentor/mentee relationship)

* PWP

* Incest

* 2nd-person/reader fic

PROMPTS: Prompt 1: Jarod finds himself in a cuddling group and ends up getting all the affection he missed out on at The Centre. Please stay fluffy and nonsexual.

Prompt 2 : Jarod is taking a break from cases while pretending to be a teacher at a boarding school when a death starts to look like more than an accident. Or maybe there really is no case there and he just uses his experience to be a good mentor to a bunch of kids.

CRACK PROMPT CROSSOVER ALERT: Jarod has another younger brother -- immediately put up for adoption to keep him safe from The Centre. His name: Phil Dunphy, and when Jarod  finds him, he gains the biggest modern family he's ever known. I'd be happy with this set any time from present day to pre-series for Modern Family and as fluff or more serious with Miss Parker, Sidney and Broots catching up to them and discovering Phil (and Haley, Alex or Luke if it's set late enough). Basically, I just really want Phil to be a long lost Jarod brother, and would be happy with pretty much any circumstance. My research has Jarod born around 1960 and Phil around 1969. Feel free to play around with time/ages if you want more current Modern Family but early-series Pretender. I don't necessarily need Jarod to be pushing 60 when he finds Phil. Also feel free to ignore the Pretender movies and, really, a lot of the late-series conspiracy stuff.

Letter: http://cyren2132.dreamwidth.org/1168070.html


Request 4 by cyren2132
Scream (Movies) 
Dewey Riley

I've provided prompts, but feel free to deviate, and please, please, please, don't confuse number of prompts, their degree of detail, or apparent enthusiasm for having favorites that I want more than the others. Everything is here because it's something I want.   General likes in the letter.

DO NOT WANTS
* A/B/O, soul-bonding, love potions, etc. (basically, no supernatural/mystical/magical relationship dynamic)

* Non-canon established relationships

* Sexual violence or humiliation

* Alternate-setting AUs

* Age-gap romance (especially between characters with a parent/child, mentor/mentee relationship)

* PWP

* Incest

* 2nd-person/reader fic

PROMPT:  Let's face it: For the most part, Dewey always looked like kind of a doof. But what if he were actually really good at his job, and nobody really noticed because of his doofy exterior? Show me Dewey figuring things out or otherwise being a good deputy (or generally being competent in his other roles, if set during or after a sequel). He doesn't have to be THE HERO or come through it unscathed if you go the trick route. He may even be too late to be any help, but just give me some acknowledgment that he's a trained professional in law enforcement.

Letter: http://cyren2132.dreamwidth.org/1168070.html


***