Request 1 by Fabrisse
Easy Virtue (2008) 
Larita Whittaker, Jim Whittaker, Furber (Easy Virtue (2008)), John Whittaker

I don't want a story that doesn't have Larita in it in some capacity, even if just as a catalyst. 

All the prompts are at my letter, above.

General nos: Extreme violence. Rape or Dubcon. A/B/O. AUs unless requested. There are certain acts which just don't turn me on: scat, blood play, golden showers. 

All BDSM must be safe, sane, and consensual.

General yeses: Exploration of emotions and the consequences of actions, even if those consequences are negative. I'm fine with explicit slash, het, or threesomes (or moresomes). I like a happy ending, but completely understand if it doesn't make sense with the story. A well-written fic with a sad ending is better than something jammed in to make it happy.

Letter: http://fabrisse.dreamwidth.org/355000.html


Request 2 by Fabrisse
Undercover Blues (1993) 
Jane Louise Blue, Muerte (Undercover Blues), Jeff Blue, Jane Blue

As long as it's funny and has lots of Jane and Jeff being adorably badass, I'll be happy.

All the prompts are in my letter, above.

General nos: Extreme violence. Rape or Dubcon. A/B/O. AUs unless requested. There are certain acts which just don't turn me on: scat, blood play, golden showers. 

All BDSM must be safe, sane, and consensual.

General yeses: Exploration of emotions and the consequences of actions, even if those consequences are negative. I'm fine with explicit slash, het, or threesomes (or moresomes). I like a happy ending, but completely understand if it doesn't make sense with the story. A well-written fic with a sad ending is better than something jammed in to make it happy.

Letter: http://fabrisse.dreamwidth.org/355000.html


Request 3 by Fabrisse
Hellspark - Janet Kagan 
Tocohl Susumo, Maggy | Margaret Lord Lynn

I want a post-book story about Tocohl as a Byworld Judge. If Om im has already joined her as a judge's aide, all the better. If it involves Buntec, Edge-of-Dark, Tinling Alfvaen, or even "Old Rattlebrain," that's all to the good. I loved the festival of Saint Veshke -- and it's implied that there's always a need for Byworld Judges there -- but I could also see another story set on Flashfever dealing with the sprookjes and their off-world trading.

General nos: Extreme violence. Rape or Dubcon. A/B/O. AUs unless requested. There are certain acts which just don't turn me on: scat, blood play, golden showers. 

All BDSM must be safe, sane, and consensual.

General yeses: Exploration of emotions and the consequences of actions, even if those consequences are negative. I'm fine with explicit slash, het, or threesomes (or moresomes). I like a happy ending, but completely understand if it doesn't make sense with the story. A well-written fic with a sad ending is better than something jammed in to make it happy.

Letter: http://fabrisse.dreamwidth.org/355000.html


Request 4 by Fabrisse
VR.5 
Duncan (VR.5), Sydney Bloom, Oliver Sampson, Nora Bloom

Duncan -- he stayed with Sydney throughout her life. Her mother is in a mental facility, her father and sister are dead -- or not, but Duncan has remained a constant.

Other possibilities are at my letter, above.

General nos: Extreme violence. Rape or Dubcon. A/B/O. AUs unless requested. There are certain acts which just don't turn me on: scat, blood play, golden showers. 

All BDSM must be safe, sane, and consensual.

General yeses: Exploration of emotions and the consequences of actions, even if those consequences are negative. I'm fine with explicit slash, het, or threesomes (or moresomes). I like a happy ending, but completely understand if it doesn't make sense with the story. A well-written fic with a sad ending is better than something jammed in to make it happy.

Letter: http://fabrisse.dreamwidth.org/355000.html


Request 5 by Fabrisse
The Illusionist (2006) 
Eisenheim (Illusionist), Sophie von Teschen

Anything more of Eisenheim's travels. How did he become someone who could fill the Opera House and have crown princes come to see him. Did he think of Sophie? Did she imagine his life? Did s/he think they would meet again? If you want to throw in Inspector Uhl, I'd be happy to see him.

General nos: Extreme violence. Rape or Dubcon. A/B/O. AUs unless requested. There are certain acts which just don't turn me on: scat, blood play, golden showers. 

All BDSM must be safe, sane, and consensual.

General yeses: Exploration of emotions and the consequences of actions, even if those consequences are negative. I'm fine with explicit slash, het, or threesomes (or moresomes). I like a happy ending, but completely understand if it doesn't make sense with the story. A well-written fic with a sad ending is better than something jammed in to make it happy.

Letter: http://fabrisse.dreamwidth.com/355000.html


***

Request 1 by faceofstone
Myst Series 

Having recently visited a few caverns irl, I am struck by a feeling of longing for the capital-letter-Cavern, its heavy voids and silences. Any of these four characters, alone or in bundle, had the chance to wander down after the Fall and experience some kind of reflection or adventure. I am equally interested in the more rational kind of plots that are normally associated with Myst-era characters and in the thrill of the unexplainable that comes with Uru territory, and in mixing it up. Any of these characters could walk into some meaningful building with some history that resonates with them, meet a bahro or twenty-five, follow the mysterious rowboat that can be spotted in the farthest waters of the lake, hear a ghost story...
If you have cool visuals or worldbuilding in mind for an Age, go wild. But when it comes to canon settings, this year I am mostly interested in D'ni and the tunnels and the desert above.
Jeff could be meeting Yeesha for the first time, and/or first following his father and his DRF pals to the City, coming to terms with the Call... if you feel like writing DRF people, I certainly feel like reading them. Jeff cautiously spending time with Yeesha, whom he likes to think of as a friend but is as skittish as the roadrunner painted on her chest. Roasting marshmallows around a bonfire? On a road trip for the sake of it? Jeff observing the first explorers, or following his father's footsteps and trying to come to terms with his death?
Atrus could be searching for Yeesha a few years after she left them and find... something else instead. He could link to D'ni incognito a couple of years after End of Ages and see the Cavern lit up anew, breathing with new life and speaking with new voices. Maybe Yeesha could accompany him (although, good luck with the incognito part in that case). Before writing Releeshahn, he could reflect on some meaningful bit of D'ni history, maybe along with Catherine or Marrim. He could explore the desert before building Tomahna. He could probably see a stalagmite grow faster than D'ni did in between failed attempts at a restoration. He could find beauty in many things and be kind and avoidant to many creatures.
Calam solo fic would probably be the best fit for a spooky story in the Cavern... or what did this master writer Write after the Fall?
Yeesha simply yeesha-ing around makes for great fic. Did she first see D'ni as a child, with her parents? Maybe she felt something so clearly and then struggled to find it again when she started her journey as a teenager. Maybe she finds Catherine's journals long before the DRF do and reads something about her parents' past, maybe she somehow feels a connection with Catherine after her death. Slice of life fic where she sometimes drops by to care for an aging Atrus on Releeshahn and allow herself to be his daughter is always welcome... any plot that gives her something nice for a change, some positive connection.

DNW: non-canon ships, character bashing (just to play it safe with Yeesha. I like to see her flaws explored but I like her!)

Letter: http://aplaceofstone.tumblr.com/post/166053144566/ao3-faceofstone-dear-yuletide-writer-thank-you


Request 2 by faceofstone
Twin Peaks 
Tamara "Tammy" Preston

She didn't get to do much on her own in the show, which only makes me want to read a hundred fic about her... away from the intimidating aura of her two mentors (being the teacher's pet can be stressful!) and of Diane “told me to go fuck myself and I was thankful, 10/10 would be insulted again” Evans, would she still be kinda introverted and so very awkward, or would her nerdiness shine like it does in her written notes in The Secret History? Or would it be a blend where she speaks up more... and regularly infodumps like a champ? After all, her diligence and awkwardness in the show go along well with her geeky side in the book. I know some people feel that they're two very different portrayals but I enjoy them both and I think they dovetail pretty neatly to boot, as it's not unusual for someone who's not the best at social cues to be more open in writing. Chrysta Bell said that one thing she has in common with her character is that they both feel the need to be thoroughly prepared for an upcoming situation and that's an interesting trait too.
In general, I don't have any strong preferences for Tammy ships, I just want her with a girl and for the fic to make me get why she likes the other girl and why the other girl likes her. If you're into any option in the tagset, barring Blackie, Denise, Diane and Doris because the age difference would be excessive for me, and adding Shelly and Donna to round it up, go for it, I'm eager to be convinced!
Starting with the more out there prompts, there was an interview where CB was asked whether she felt that Tammy was “the new Cooper” and she said no but Tammy is trying her best!!! And that Coop is more open to the unknown, and Tammy is only just starting. As I think that Cooper's failures are a big part of the narrative, I'm not sure anyone should aspire to be the new Cooper, but anyway, I've been wondering about these two characters interacting (in dreams?) ever since. Reaching out to her as the new Blue Rose agent and/or as someone who is just starting to peek 'between two worlds', warning her, teaching her, getting to know her and even seeing shades of Albert and Gordon in her. And what would she think of him? And maybe Laura is with him, or maybe it's just Laura and Tammy, secrets whispered to her ear, a world just for them. Maybe Laura could be a better teacher. She knows the darkness. Or maybe she would be too intense. Or maybe she got ripped out of the timeline thanks to sOMEONE and still hasn't fully found herself again so Tammy would meet Carrie instead, how'd that go?
I have also been thinking about a Tumblr post (linked in letter) about Tammy being the one to find Audrey and how cool it would be see Tammy go through shifted realities, and how she would relate to Audrey, and Audrey to her. I don't know if The Final Dossier will tell us anything about how the rest of the town perceives Audrey's absence, but Tammy could find a clue and start a little investigation of her own?
Cynthia could be a fun partner for supernatural casefic. She's the Air Force side of Blue Rose to Tammy's FBI, like Milford and Gordon in The Secret History, and later Garland and Cooper... we don't know much about her but I love her attitude, I think they'd be a formidable team. ...or they could simply go out one night in Buckhorn before Cynthia flies back. And find a ghost or something.
The lack of scenes with just Tammy and Diane is one of my biggest regrets. I was expecting some follow-up to the “fuck you, Tammy” scene, maybe with Tammy a little starstruck and Diane seeing both herself and Coop in this young, naive agent and... trying to open her eyes. Or just them talking about cats, and/or Tammy is surprisingly proficient at mixing a Cosmopolitan, and/or something spooky and surreal happens while they're having breakfast.
Albert and Denise are her mentors – we see Albert mother-henning her all the time and Denise seems very protective of Tammy specifically, and I eat up platonic mentor-pupil dynamics with a spoon. Any adventures with either of them? If we swap out Gordon for Denise, what's Tammy's average day with FBI dad and FBI mom (but no shipping them, please) instead of FBI dad and FBI grandpa?
Or if you can think of any plot that would involve Tammy and Constance, Candie, Jade or Darya, go for it instead.

DNW: Dale/Audrey on Coop's part (whereas Audrey fondly remembering her teen crush on Coop, like the stuff Richard mentions, is okay)

Letter: http://aplaceofstone.tumblr.com/post/166053144566/ao3-faceofstone-dear-yuletide-writer-thank-you


Request 3 by faceofstone
Europe After the Rain II - Max Ernst (Painting) 

Biggest version I could find online: https://www.artsy.net/artwork/max-ernst-europe-after-the-rain#!
Nominating De Chirico and Magritte has been a winning move these past two Yuletides, so, without further ado, onto my third fave... the aspect of his work I love the most is basically landscapes – among those, I picked one that was a little more narrative, with more potential background to explore, and clearly 'post-apocalyptic surrealism' are two great tastes that go great together.
This painting feels like grief etched into moss-covered stone. What kind of war is called a rain, or are the war that ravaged this land and the rain in the title two separate things, and what is growing on these ruins? How 'after' is this? Are the figures strangers travelling through this landscape or did they survive its destruction? Are there any promises left on the horizon? Are there any promises left here? Are you mostly inspired by the palette and texture?
You are of course welcome to integrate elements from other Ernst works, both settings (I am oh so fond of his forests and their suns) and characters (Loplop, assorted bird people...), if your story moves away from the confines of the nominated painting and you're looking for inspiration. If you do so, please drop the titles in the notes so I won't miss any references?

Letter: http://aplaceofstone.tumblr.com/post/166053144566/ao3-faceofstone-dear-yuletide-writer-thank-you


Request 4 by faceofstone
ヨコハマ買い出し紀行 | Yokohama Kaidashi Kikou | Record of a Yokohama Shopping Trip 
Hatsuseno Alpha, Takatsu Kokone

Quiet adventures after the end of the manga, please? Or before the final pages of the manga. Anyway, Alpha and Kokone doing things together. See the letter for details!

Gen is okay but Alpha and Kokone being shipped with anyone else is a DNW. Thank you!

Letter: http://aplaceofstone.tumblr.com/post/166053144566/ao3-faceofstone-dear-yuletide-writer-thank-you


***

Request 1 by failsafe
Jurassic Park (1993) 

<b>Requesting:</b> Any combination of the nominated characters (Alan, Ellie, Ian) as individuals, a pairing, or a polyamorous threesome. 

<b>Please no:</b> character bashing towards anybody, noncon, explicit gore, breathplay, serious or permanent injury related to sexuality, nihilism, hopeless endings (but sad is okay)

Please see my letter for more details.

Letter: http://we-protect-each-other.dreamwidth.org/15926.html


Request 2 by failsafe
Wonder Woman (2017) 
Diana Prince (Wonder Woman 2017), Steve Trevor (Wonder Woman 2017)

<b>Please no:</b> character bashing towards anybody, noncon, explicit gore, breathplay, serious or permanent injury related to sexuality, nihilism, hopeless endings (but sad is okay)

Please see my letter for more details.

Letter: http://we-protect-each-other.dreamwidth.org/15926.html


Request 3 by failsafe
Push (2009) 
Cassie Holmes, Nick Gant

<b>Please no:</b> character bashing towards anybody, noncon, explicit gore, breathplay, serious or permanent injury related to sexuality, nihilism, hopeless endings (but sad is okay)

Please see my letter for more details.

Letter: http://we-protect-each-other.dreamwidth.org/15926.html


Request 4 by failsafe
Hancock (2008) 

<b>Requesting:</b> Any combination of the nominated characters (John, Mary, Ray) as individuals, a pairing, or a polyamorous threesome. I would also be interested in a story that focused on world-building with whatever support from these characters you would like. 

<b>Please no:</b> character bashing towards anybody, noncon, explicit gore, breathplay, serious or permanent injury related to sexuality, nihilism, hopeless endings (but sad is okay)

Please see my letter for more details.

Letter: http://we-protect-each-other.dreamwidth.org/15926.html


***

Request 1 by FairestCat
Peter Darling - Austin Chant 
Peter Pan (Peter Darling)

This is one of the best books I’ve read in the last several years, I am just completely in love with it. I don’t have many explicit prompts here, but don't take that to mean I want fic for this fandom any less than for the others. It's just that I’m still mostly in the incoherent flailing stage of my love. 

One of the things I love most is exactly how much of an asshole Peter is at the beginning of the book. He has perfectly good reasons, it makes sense for him to be that way, but he has such a serious case of toxic masculinity poisoning. I’d like to see some follow-through on that now that Peter has left Neverland again. Peter has never lived openly as a man outside the power-fantasy that is Neverland, I’d love to see something about him making that adjustment.

That’s what I most want really, the afterwards. I’d love to see any part of Peter and James building their life together after Neverland.

(DNWs for all requests: infidelity, jealousy presented as romantic, body horror, non-sexual humiliation, embarrassment, character death, unhappy endings, food kink, medical kink, mpreg, watersports, scat, vore, monogamous soulmates/soulbonds, public sex, animal harm, disparaging previous romantic/sexual partners, we're not gay we just love each other, bisexual erasure, non-con, knotting, daddy kink (except in limited amounts in Scientific Method Universe))

Letter: http://fairestcat.dreamwidth.org/645699.html


Request 2 by FairestCat
Gun to My Head - Dira Lewis 

For this request I'd welcome fic about Sin and Dominic together or fic that focuses on just one of them.

This book just pushes SO many of my buttons. I love the age difference. I love how the balance of power in Sin and Dominic’s relationship shifts constantly throughout the book. I’m absolutely fascinated by the mythology of this universe and the politics of the vampire courts. But more than anything else I’m just completely in love with Dominic.

Brave, beautiful, foolhardy, impossible, trusting Dominic. I want SO MANY stories about Dominic. 

I would love to see what happens to Dominic directly after the events of the book. His mom’s no longer in a coma, yay! So, how exactly does he explain the vampire boyfriend he acquired and moved into their basement while she was in the hospital? I’m sure that’s going to go over great. Just like his mom will be thrilled to hear how much school he was skipping even <em>before</em> he met said vampire. 

More generally, I’d love to see the evolution of Dominic and Sin’s relationship in the future. What are they like six months on after Dominic’s finished school. In five years? Ten? Their relationship has survived a serious trial by fire, but the day-to-day stuff still takes work and Sin’s now dependent on Dominic to a degree that can’t always be easy for both of them.

Alternately, I’d also be really interested in some Sin backstory about being a queer man in pre-Quiet Revolution Quebec and how that made him vulnerable to vampiric seduction.

&nbsp;
(DNWs for all requests: infidelity, jealousy presented as romantic, body horror, non-sexual humiliation, embarrassment, character death, unhappy endings, food kink, medical kink, mpreg, watersports, scat, vore, monogamous soulmates/soulbonds, public sex, animal harm, disparaging previous romantic/sexual partners, we're not gay we just love each other, bisexual erasure, non-con, knotting, daddy kink (except in limited amounts in Scientific Method Universe))

Letter: http://fairestcat.dreamwidth.org/645699.html


Request 3 by FairestCat
Scientific Method Universe - Kris Ripper 
Will Derrie, Truman Jennings, Hugh Reynolds

This is the queer, kinky, poly, found family series of my HEART. I love the realistic depiction of a variety of poly relationships. I love the kink, and the way the kink is not pasted on, but is rather an integral part of the characters and their relationships. I love the positive portrayal of Hugh’s past as a sex worker. And most of all I love that they are all a weird, queer, kinky <em>family</em>, who take care of each other and protect each other and lean on each other and just *hearteyes*

I asked for Hugh and Truman and Will, because the thing I’m most interested in is the evolution of Will and Hugh and Truman’s relationships, both in individual pairs and all three together. I also really love Will/Molly, so inclusion of Molly is entirely welcome. In supporting characters, I like Hugh’s friendship with Lucy, and Will’s friendship with Adam and Beccs, and I'm quite fond of Ally, so I'd welcome inclusion of any of them, as long as the main focus of the story stays on Hugh/Truman/Will.

I’m open to non-porny fic for this fandom, but I admit part of the appeal of this series for me is the degree to which the biggest character and relationship development happens around/within the sex scenes. I love plotty porn, and these books are the ultimate in plotty porn.

I don’t really have many prompts, so much as favorite emotional beats in the series that I’d love to see a bit more about:

My favorite part of the entire series is how long it takes Will to clue into the fact that Hugh and Truman are not just “the boyfriends”, they’re <em>his</em> boyfriends. And by “favorite”, I mean “makes me want to facepalm forever”.

That thing where Hugh is great at psychoanalyzing everyone else (especially Will), but completely shit at recognizing what’s going on in his own head? I live for that.

I recognize that it’s a tricky subject, but I’d love a closer look at Truman’s body image issues and the way Will is so good about them and Hugh, for all he doesn’t mean to be, can be <em>so bad</em>, and not even realize it until Will points it out.

I will embrace anything about Will’s intimacy kink, or Will and Hugh’s shared shrink kink.

Speaking of kink: Will and Truman’s daddy kink is tricky for me. It’s really not my kink, but Ripper mostly makes it work for me in the context of the series. But it’s enough hit or miss for me, that I’d prefer that it not be a big part of any fic I get. You don't have to ignore it altogether, references are great! I'd just prefer it not be the focus. Otherwise, if it’s in the books? I’m up for reading about it! Like Will, I have something of an intimacy kink, so I really like stories that emphasize the physical and emotional intimacy inherent in a lot of kink.

&nbsp;
(DNWs for all requests: infidelity, jealousy presented as romantic, body horror, non-sexual humiliation, embarrassment, character death, unhappy endings, food kink, medical kink, mpreg, watersports, scat, vore, monogamous soulmates/soulbonds, public sex, animal harm, disparaging previous romantic/sexual partners, we're not gay we just love each other, bisexual erasure, non-con, knotting, daddy kink (except in limited amounts in Scientific Method Universe))

Letter: http://fairestcat.dreamwidth.org/645699.html


Request 4 by FairestCat
Society of Gentlemen - K. J. Charles 
Dominic Frey, Silas Mason, Julius Norreys, Harry Vane

For this request, I’m happy with fic for any two or more of my requested characters together, you don’t have to include all four of them if the story doesn’t call for it, but I'd prefer fic about the relationships between some number of them rather than about any one of them alone. I’m interested in both the canon romantic pairings and the non-romantic friendships. Please do not break up any canon couples.

I adore everyone in this series, although it took me until the last book to actually warm up to Richard, but Julius and Harry and Dominic and Silas are my absolute favorites. 

I love Harry’s very-understandable desire to escape from the economically precarious and legally chancy life he was born into. I love even more the way he then discovers that you can take the boy out of the radical politics, but you can’t take the radical politics out of the boy, and has to reconcile his new reality with the lifetime of experiences that came before.

Julius breaks my heart, and I adore watching him come back to living again through his love for Harry. Also, that thing where he initially avoids a lot of types of sex because of the intimacy inherent in them? KILLS ME. I’m such a sucker for the standoffish character forced to embrace the messy reality of human emotions.

Dominic fascinates me, more than any Tory ever should. I love how principled he is, even as I disagree with many of those principles. And I especially love how as the series goes on he has to reconcile the reality he’s witnessing day-to-day with those principles, and how when they conflict he ultimately acknowledges where his principles have been doing him poorly and adapts them.

Silas is just everything I could ever want in a character. I love and profoundly agree with his politics. I love his loyalty to his friends and his cause. I love that when he realizes that he can no longer side with the Cato Street Conspirators, he’s still unwilling to betray them. Similarly, I love his friendship with David, and the way he’s willing to help spirit him out of Richard’s house in the middle of the night, no questions asked. And I adore beyond measure that Silas gets to fall in love and get a happy romantic ending. I don’t think I’ve ever seen a character like him get that before.

For fic I’m interested in the network of relationships between these four. Some thoughts on what interests me most about each combo:

Harry and Julius: I love that in the beginning Harry half wants to be with Julius and half wants to <em>be</em> Julius. I love that the sheer joy with which Harry embraces everything around him leads Julius to break out of the shell of reserve and cynicism that he’s built around himself since the end of the wars. I love seeing two dandies together, and fic about their shared sartorial choices would be great. Also, the EARRINGS. I would love fic about them getting those matching earrings. Oh, my heart.

Dominic and Silas: I love how much Silas validates Dominic’s desires and constantly reminds him that there is nothing shameful about them. I love the characterization of Silas as Dominic’s werewolf, and how protective of Dominic he is, especially with Richard. And I love how protective of Silas Dominic is in turn. And I squeed so much when Dominic gave Harry to Silas for Christmas. Just, &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3. I love their bonding over books, and Silas introducing Dominic to radical literature. 

Harry and Silas: I love that despite the age-difference, Silas is not a father-figure to Harry, but he is a true and loyal friend. I love that when Harry’s struggling to reconcile his new position and his politics Silas doesn’t provide him with any easy answers, but makes him make his own decisions. I love Silas’s admiration for Harry’s mother, and the way, when Harry is focused on his father and his father’s family, he reminds Harry that he’s her son too. 

Julius and Silas: Oh man, they both love Harry, but these two are just so different, I don’t think they’ll ever really understand each other? But I love that despite that mutual incomprehension they come to appreciate each other because of that shared love.  I imagine their shared carriage ride to go bring David back to London in A Gentleman’s Position must have been HILARIOUS on so many levels.

Julius and Dominic: I love how at the beginning of the series Dominic is in a shared social circle with Julius, but just doesn’t <em>get</em> him at all, and vice versa. Julius finds Dominic too series, and Dominic finds Julius too frivolous, and at the beginning <em>neither of them is really wrong</em>. And I really love the way that mutual bafflement turns gradually into understanding and then friendship as the series goes on.

Dominic and Harry: I feel like I understand the relationship between these two the least, which means fic about them would be great, because I’d love to figure their relationship out.

(See other requests for DNWs)

Letter: http://fairestcat.dreamwidth.org/645699.html


Request 5 by FairestCat
Prosperity Series - Alexis Hall 

I pretty much want anything and everything for this fandom, so I couldn’t choose any one or two characters to request, I’ll be happy with fic about any of them!

Byron Kae/Piccadilly? Or Ruben Crowe/Milord? Or Piccadilly’s crush on Ruben Crowe? Or gen fic about any of the four of them together or separately? YES PLZ to any of it!

Some specifics would probably help though.

I love Byron Kae with the fire of a thousand suns. I think they are everything that is beautiful and good and right in this world, and they deserve all the best things and all the happiness ever. And Piccadilly? Is totally one of those best things they deserve :) I feel like pretty much everything I need to know about Byron Kae’s backstory is covered in <em>Cloudy Climes and Starless Skies</em>, so I’d prefer future-fic for them. 

Piccadilly is such a delight! I love that he’s bi, and would happily read fic that goes into that more. I feel like the best word to describe Piccadilly is <em>irrepressible</em>, and I love that! Because his background could have left him jaded, but it hasn’t at all. I love in a hurty way his crush on Ruben Crowe and the way that plays out in canon. Future-fic about his friendship with Ruben after that would be great. Maybe Piccadilly visiting Ruben and Milord in Italy? 

Byron Kae/Piccadilly: they are both such <em>joyful</em> characters, full of light and laughter and love. Show me some of that, as they have adventures together post-canon. I’d be happy with smut about them, but please be respectful of Byron Kae’s non-binary gender, and be sensitive in how you describe them in any sex scenes.

Ruben Crowe is such a fascinating character. He’s so <em>good</em> and so prone to see the best in anyone. I love how he struggles with that on first meeting Milord, who doesn’t have a lot of good to show for himself. The tension between his revulsion for what he discovers of Milord’s past actions and his strong attraction to and fascination with Milord is wonderful. I’d love a story about Ruben Crowe in the time between Milord’s escape at the end of <em>Shackles</em> and the beginning of Prosperity.

I have hugely complicated feelings about Milord. He is really not a good man, and yet I love him kind of a lot. To quote from my Goodreads review: “Maybe he doesn't deserve Ruben, maybe he doesn't deserve a happy ending, but he doesn't&nbsp;<em>not</em>&nbsp;deserve them either.” His backstory makes my heart hurt, and yet it doesn’t excuse his actions as the Crimelord of Gaslight. And he isn’t redeemed, I wouldn’t want him redeemed, but his choice to risk his life for the others at the end of Prosperity makes me love him even more. Also, he’s dying, and that matter to his character too, so please don’t erase/fix that.

Ruben Crowe/Milord: These two. THESE TWO. So fucked up and dysfunctional and helplessly in love with each other. And <em>ridiculously</em> hot together OMG. I would read anything about their relationship between Shackles and Prosperity, but I’d also love something about their future together in Italy. I think they could be less-dysfunctionally happy, for what time they have together. I’d like Milord’s illness to be acknowledge and incorporated into any future-fic, but I’d prefer to NOT get fic in which he dies/has died.

Miss Grey is not in the tagset due to character nomination limits, but I’d be happy with her inclusion in fic, but prefer her not to be the sole focus of any story.

The characters from There Will Be Phlogiston are similarly missing from the tagset, but again I'd be happy with their inclusion in fic.

(DNWs for all requests: infidelity, jealousy presented as romantic, body horror, non-sexual humiliation, embarrassment, character death, unhappy endings, food kink, medical kink, mpreg, watersports, scat, vore, monogamous soulmates/soulbonds, public sex, animal harm, disparaging previous romantic/sexual partners, we're not gay we just love each other, bisexual erasure, non-con, knotting, daddy kink (except in limited amounts in Scientific Method Universe))

Letter: http://fairestcat.dreamwidth.org/645699.html


Request 6 by FairestCat
The Turner Series - Cat Sebastian 
Lord Courtenay

Oh God, COURTENEY.  The thing where Courteney has spent so much of his life focused on making the people around him happy that he’s only now figuring out what makes <em>him</em> happy? Yeah, that. I really, really, really want fic about that. 

I’d especially enjoy fic set within or post-canon for this fandom. I find Courteney figuring out his interests and passions, in and out of the bedroom, really compelling. 

Our of bed: once the scandal around the “duel” with Julian has died down, does he take up his seat in the House of Lords, advocating for social reform? Or does he decide to stay in the country doing the smaller but equally important work of advocating and working for his tenants? 

In bed (or settee, other suitably appealing location): the way Julian makes Courteney ask for what he wants during sex? I find that hot as fuck AND emotionally satisfying. 

I also love the found family happy ending of this series and would take anything and everything about that, as long as Courteney is at the center of the story.

Special mention: I really found it refreshing that none of the conflict between the characters in this story had anything to do with their sexuality. Courteney has a lot of angst and shame to work through, about a lot of things, but none of those things is his queerness, and I LOVE that.

Bonus points for kittens. Because canonical kittens.

(DNWs for all requests: infidelity, jealousy presented as romantic, body horror, non-sexual humiliation, embarrassment, character death, unhappy endings, food kink, medical kink, mpreg, watersports, scat, vore, monogamous soulmates/soulbonds, public sex, animal harm, disparaging previous romantic/sexual partners, we're not gay we just love each other, bisexual erasure, non-con, knotting, daddy kink (except in limited amounts in Scientific Method Universe))

Letter: http://fairestcat.dreamwidth.org/645699.html


***

Request 1 by faithfulcynic
Justified 
Ava Crowder, Boyd Crowder

When I first realized Justified was setting up this pairing, I was a bit skeptical; I just didn't see it. But then I ended up LOVING Boyd and Ava, go figure, which was why I was deeply unhappy about the way things turned out between them, even though I think the last season did the best they could with fixing the problems of the previous season. My request therefore would be for either a fix-it (a different turn for their story probably starting about when the series decided to 'Lady Macbeth' Ava) or a stand-a-lone story during season 2 or 3 :)


Request 2 by faithfulcynic
Sense and Sensibility (1995) 
Elinor Dashwood (S&S 1995), Colonel Brandon (S&S 1995)

I love the movie, but when I look for the fanfic I'm always looking for stories about Elinor and the Colonel as a couple. So that's all I'm really looking for - a slow burn story where they get together. Things I would also love to see (if you'd like additional ideas) include humor or witty exchanges the two, hurt/comfort, funny/cute/odd courtship, a slight mocking of Maryanne and/or Willoughby, Edward as a best friend, and hijinks with Margaret.


Request 3 by faithfulcynic
Clue (1985) 
Wadsworth (Clue (1985)), Miss Scarlet (Clue (1985)), Mrs. Peacock (Clue (1985)), Mrs. White (Clue (1985))

This is one of my favorite movies, as in I could probably recite it all by heart :) I'm looking for any story that captures the oddball humor/tone of the movie, but otherwise don't have any specific requests. It could be a story that takes place ten years later, an AU, one that happens that night - anything Clue and I'm there!


***

Request 1 by fajrdrako
The Unstoppable Wasp 
Nadia Pym (Unstoppable Wasp)

I want to see stories about Nadia and how she thinks and feels - including how she thinks of those around her - the inclusion of other characters is optional but preferable. What are her reactions on meeting American superheroes? What frustrates her about her new life? What does she dream of, and who or what does she dream about?

Letter: http://fajrdrako.dreamwidth.org/1829690.html#cutid1


Request 2 by fajrdrako
Swordspoint Series - Ellen Kushner 
Katherine Talbert

Any or all of the Swordspoint characters. I like to see Katherine overcoming challenges. New experiences in her life - perhaps a situation where diplomacy is paramount? Or one in which she must act quickly to save someone she cares about? A problematic day, or new difficult relationship?

Letter: http://fajrdrako.dreamwidth.org/1829690.html#cutid2


Request 3 by fajrdrako
Fantastic Four (Comicverse) 
Ben Grimm (Comics)

I love the way Brian Michael Bendis has been writing Ben Grimm in the past year. I'd like to see more about Ben with Victor von Doom, or Johnny Storm, or former S.H.I.E.L.D. operatives.

Letter: http://fajrdrako.dreamwidth.org/1829690.html#cutid3


Request 4 by fajrdrako
Warchild Series - Karin Lowachee 
Cairo Azarcon

Cairo Azarcon is one of my favourite heroes, the Macedon one of my favourite ships. I'd love to know more of his story.

Letter: http://fajrdrako.dreamwidth.org/1829690.html#cutid4


Request 5 by fajrdrako
Rivers of London - Ben Aaronovitch 
Thomas Nightingale

My favourite magician.

Letter: http://fajrdrako.dreamwidth.org/1829690.html#cutid5


Request 6 by fajrdrako
Vikings (TV) 
Ragnar Lothbrok

Ragnar: sexy, ambitious, smart, dangerous and often ambiguous.

Letter: http://fajrdrako.dreamwidth.org/1829690.html#cutid6


***

Request 1 by fallencrest
The Accountant (2016) 
Braxton (The Accountant), Christian Wolff
Letter: http://outboxed.livejournal.com/123956.html


Request 2 by fallencrest
Rivers of London - Ben Aaronovitch 
Peter Grant (Rivers of London), Thomas Nightingale
Letter: http://outboxed.livejournal.com/123956.html


Request 3 by fallencrest
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (2011) 
Bill Haydon (TTSS 2011), Jim Prideaux (TTSS 2011)
Letter: http://outboxed.livejournal.com/123956.html


Request 4 by fallencrest
Philadelphia Flyers RPF 
Danny Briere (Philadelphia Flyers RPF), Claude Giroux (Philadelphia Flyers RPF)
Letter: http://outboxed.livejournal.com/123956.html


***

Request 1 by falsteloj
Algie the Miner (1912) 
Algie Allmore, Jim (Algie the Miner)

Algie the Miner is a comedy one reeler (10 minutes) from 1912, directed by the legendary Alice Guy and starring Billy Quirk. The story is pretty simple - sheltered rich boy Algie is told to go away and prove himself a man before his girl's father will allow them to marry - but it has since become famous as an early example of gay cinema. Quirk plays Algie as a 'sissy', manages to rack up not one but two male/male kisses, and even gets a scene where he takes 'Big Jim' - the man tasked with helping him survive the Wild West - by the hand and drags him back to their shared cabin...

Prompt Ideas:

☆ Pining and so forth. All the shippy feels - it can be one sided, unrealised mutual pining, straightforward smut... it's all good! They have so much physicality between them and not a lot of privacy, what impact does that have? I love all the tropes associated with this kind of thing - watching someone sleep, trying not to get caught looking / touching, helping hands that supposedly don't mean anything, etc, etc.

☆ Backstory. What was Algie's life like before he went out West? How did he avoid getting into trouble when his first reaction to a ruggedly helpful man is to give him a kiss? Is he attracted to men? Is he aware of it? And if he is, how does that contrast with Jim's awareness of his own sexuality? (Presumably Algie was off at boarding school and college getting a classical education - Jim's more likely to have had the school of hard knocks...) And how about Jim? How does he feel about being saddled with Algie - and the reputation it might give him? How do his feelings towards Algie change over the course of the film?

☆ The Demon Drink. What made Jim turn to the drink in the first place? How does Algie keep him away from the bottle? Anything about the part of the film where Algie is helping Jim kick the habit would be awesome. Don't be afraid to pile on the melodramatic angst so beloved of the period! My absolute favourite scene is the one where Algie steps between Jim and his would be enabler, and drags him out like a jealous lover. What happens afterwards?

☆ Does Algie go through with the wedding? Does he ever see Jim again? (And how does Jim feel about it all??) Perhaps they meet up periodically, Brokeback Mountain-esque, or Algie can't bear it and heads back West. Maybe now Jim's made his fortune he wants to stay east and the two set up a bachelor household. Scandal and gossip and other associated angst are always welcome!

☆ Feel free to go for something meta too. Maybe a magazine article in the style of the times exploring the real love story, for example, or somebody in the audience making a realisation about themselves as they cheer on Jim rather than Algie's girl.

Letter: http://shootingstarrrz.dreamwidth.org/3774.html


Request 2 by falsteloj
The Aliens (TV 2016) 
Lewis Garvey, Dominic (The Aliens)

I adored this show. Seriously, I'm still gutted that Channel 4 decided not to go ahead with a second series. Basically it's about an alternative history where aliens - colloquially termed 'Morks' - crash landed in the Irish Sea back in the 1980s. Originally they were integrated into British society, before being rounded up and forced into a walled ghetto known as Troy. The main character, Troy border guard Lewis Garvey, is horrified to discover in the first episode that he is actually half Mork. Luckily Dominic, a Mork cleaner who works at the border checkpoint and has a massive crush on Lewis, is there to help him make sense of it all. 

I love Dominic's intense loyalty and how committed he is to his feelings for Lewis, even when it seems so utterly hopeless. It's like Lewis just rips away all his common sense and self-preservation and just leaves him so vulnerable. On the other hand, I love Lewis' sarcastic pessimism. Nothing ever goes well for him, he doesn't expect it to go well, and yet here's this guy he has been a total dick to standing by him in spite of everything. 

Prompt Ideas:

☆ Backstory for Dominic. Has he always lived in Troy? (Is the GTA beachscape as close to the real thing as he's ever gotten?) What happened to his parents? Family? How long has he been working at the checkpoint? Why did he latch on to Lewis in the first place? Is it just because of looks, or did Lewis commit some faux pas when he started by actually talking to him / treating him like a person before he realised it wasn't the done thing? We know hardly anything about Dominic and I'd love to see his life fleshed out a little.

☆ Alternatively, give me some Lewis introspection. In retrospect, does he see clues to his real parentage? Did he always hate Morks - or was there a particular incident that made him determined to see them so negatively, beyond his sister getting hooked on fur? Speaking of fur, he's obviously tried smoking it before - what happened when it became obvious it wasn't affecting him? When the worst of the drama is over, how does he come to terms with his new identity? His initial views on Morks are awful - the whole 'if I was getting sucked off by a goat it wouldn't matter if it was male or female, it would still be disgusting' conversation in response to Dominic asking if he's into guys, for instance. How does he feel now about the things he once believed?

☆ Forced into Porn. We know that there's a market for human on Mork action, so maybe Lilyhot sets them up, or some other random Baddie decides that there is definitely money to made from a film featuring a Mork pounding a border guard. This could be super dark, or relatively light hearted, depending on how you want to play it. (Feel free to include some size kink - Dominic trying to be gentle because Lewis has never even seen a Mork guy in the all together before...)

☆ Reprisals. Lewis is becoming known as a Mork lover and somebody takes exception to that. Or Dominic is assaulted and Lewis steps in to try and rescue him - and ends up making the situation worse. Or maybe its The Alien League who decides to teach one or both of them a lesson. Hurt/Comfort would be beautiful, but I'm happy to just take the hurt!

☆ Sex Pollen, etc. As a half Mork Lewis has never been affected by smoking hair, but who's to say what other weird hybrid reactions he might have to things? Maybe Morks have a sex pollen-esque substance, or go into some kind of crazed Pon Farr state and that's part of the reason the wall was erected in the first place? 

☆ Lewis Breaks Dominic's Heart. Dominic thinks he's about to get what he's always wanted - then it turns out Lewis is intent on hurting and using him for whatever reason. The angstier the better, really, with plenty of internalised worry that he must have asked for it or lead Lewis on somehow.

Letter: http://shootingstarrrz.dreamwidth.org/3774.html


Request 3 by falsteloj
Southland 
Ben Sherman, John Cooper (Southland)

I completely missed this the first time around, but I'm glad I found the show eventually! I love police procedurals (and all related genres), especially when there is a lot of focus on the interpersonal relationships. I particularly liked the set up of the viewer going in with the rookie - we learn how things work along with Ben, even as we learn more about his character and those he works with.

I'm more than happy for gen or shippy angles with this fandom. What I really like about the idea of Cooper/Sherman is how unequal it is. Cooper is physically bigger, a superior rank, older, more experienced, etc. Sherman's kind of in awe, even as he pushes against Cooper's authority, wanting the other man to take notice of him. Cooper being reluctant at first, believing that he just shouldn't go there - he's in a position of authority, he's too old, Sherman can't possibly know his own mind, etc - makes it even better, especially when Sherman does his best to prove to Cooper that he's completely serious. 

Prompt Ideas:

☆ Backstory. They both have some serious drama in their past - John's father is in prison for the rape and murder of his son's high school girlfriend, while Ben's is a successful defense lawyer who nonetheless kept company with criminals and drug dealers. I'd love something exploring their fears of turning into their fathers; John's struggle to stay clean, and perhaps Ben's realisation that he's already on the slippery slope. The danger he is putting others in through the company he's keeping, for example. Ben is a bit of a tosser by S5, there is no getting around the fact, so redemption fic would be completely welcome. Or maybe it's just too late for him to turn back and find the idealistic rookie he once was?

☆ Dirty Talk, Orgasm Denial, etc. John needs to ensure Ben can work well under pressure. Getting him worked up (and up and up) throughout the day and still demanding he be the model professional is way more fun than the methods laid out in the handbook. By the end of shift Ben is a desperate mess - just the way John likes him. Or how about Talked to Orgasm / Coming Untouched. If it's in uniform, I'll love you forever! (Seriously, those uniforms. I've no idea what the patches and shiny things all over it stand for, but I know that I like them.)

☆ Death Fic. I'm firmly in the 'Cooper made a full recovery' camp but, for the purposes of fiction and making me cry, Ben reflecting on all the things he and John never said and did would be more than welcome. Or flip it around and have John angsting over a Ben who was taken too soon.

☆ John steps in post-series. By the end of the show Ben's character was very difficult to tolerate, yet alone like. Perhaps Ben visits him in hospital after the shooting and confesses how he has messed up. John decides taking him back under his wing would be suitable thanks for Ben forcing him into rehab.

☆ Case Fic. Maybe a slice of life with the usual array of garbage calls, or perhaps one of them puts themselves at risk by investigating after hours and the other has to come to their rescue. Super serious or completely light hearted - just cops doing cop things.

☆ First Time with a Guy. Ben worries that John will lose interest if he finds out that he's never done anything with a guy before - he could not be more wrong. John wouldn't be working as a training officer if he begrudged needing to show someone how things work, after all.

Letter: http://shootingstarrrz.dreamwidth.org/3774.html


Request 4 by falsteloj
Whitechapel (TV) 
Joseph Chandler (Whitechapel), Emerson Kent

I am a total sucker for historical true crime so I was always primed to be a die hard fan of this show! I loved the creepy elements of the cases, the dark humour, and the relationships between the main cast. I liked that at first glance Chandler was the typical fast-tracked career officer, but it was soon revealed that there was a lot more depth to him. Kent's eagerness to impress Chandler right from the beginning just spoke directly to my inner shipper. :)

Prompt Ideas:

☆ Hurt / Comfort. Kidnapping, injury, ruined careers, whatever you feel like - police fandoms have the best scope for this trope!

☆ Kent and the Dark Side. In S4 it was hinted that Kent was hiding some inner darkness - so let's roll with that. Maybe Kent is so desperate for Chandler to notice him he gets involved in some black magic practices, or has moved into some dingy new flat with a demonic entity just waiting to break his spirit enough for a full blown possession. Feel free to throw all the horror tropes at it. :D

☆ Matchmaking. Everyone knows about Kent's crush on his D.I... except Chandler. Somebody decides to help force things along. (If Chandler initially mistakes it for some new crazy case he has to deal with, so much the better!) It could be sickly sweet and fluffy, or equally perhaps somebody is just encouraging Kent along to see him hurt when Chandler gives him the 'thanks but no thanks' talk.

☆ Undercover as a Couple. It's so close to what Kent really wants, yet so very far away.

☆ Chandler is a complex guy with lots to deal with. I'd love anything exploring how he comes to understand himself over the course of the show - to accept his hang ups, and not to let them rule his life.

☆ Accidental Relationship. When Kent asked Chandler out for a drink the latter never realised Kent meant it as a date. Give me all the oblivious Chandler as Kent is beside himself with happiness, thinking they're just taking things (glacially) slow... Does Chandler freak out when he finally gets the message? Or is he happy with the new direction?

☆ Angst. Kent can't take it any longer and tells Chandler how he feels... Chandler isn't interested. Cue lots of beautiful heartache.

Letter: http://shootingstarrrz.dreamwidth.org/3774.html


Request 5 by falsteloj
Y Gwyll | Hinterland 
Lloyd Elis

There are no words for how much I love this show - A noir murder mystery. Set in Wales. Actually filmed in Welsh! :D Its bleak creepy tone is great, and I enjoy the focus on obsession and history repeating that you get in the actual mysteries. I like all the characters (and am obviously happy for them to be included) but I've requested Lloyd specifically because we don't really know very much about him, and that makes him the perfect candidate for some exploratory fanfic to my mind.

* A note on Welsh language: I'll be fine with simple dialogue in Welsh but I'll struggle if narrative sections are written in it. My proficiency level is basically watching daytime soaps / suffering Cyw. xD *

Prompt Ideas:

☆ Case Fic. Maybe it's Lloyd's past tangled up in a case for once. Perhaps Lloyd is just going to save the day with his detective prowess. Or by accidentally stumbling on the solution. Or by getting himself kidnapped. It's all good!

☆ Ship Fic. I ship Lloyd with everyone and anyone - Alex Harries is too cute not to, really - so if you want to write him hooking up with someone, please feel free. It doesn't have to be a character on the show, even; I'm fine with OCs. Eg. Going undercover as a couple for a case and it leading to more, keeping a relationship quiet when surrounded by detectives, coming out / being outed, matchmaking that either takes or leads to some excellent hurt / comfort when his date turns out to be the murderer... 

☆ Backstory / Family. Why did Lloyd join the police force? What are his ambitions? Did he ever move away from Wales like Matthias, or is home where his heart is?

☆ Cracky Crossover. I was very into Pobol y Cwm back when Harries was a regular and I still watch it occasionally, so... Maybe Scott is a twin separated at birth / some other murder mystery trope. Maybe he's the dark past Lloyd wants to leave behind. Perhaps some resident of Cwmderi mistakes Lloyd for Scott and wants to mete out their own punishment. I dunno, I feel like there's scope in the idea for all kinds of madness!

Letter: http://shootingstarrrz.dreamwidth.org/3774.html


***

Request 1 by FanchonMoreau
River (TV 2015) 
John River

This is mentioned in the letter, but not really feeling any kind of romance for this particular fandom.

Letter: http://fanchonmoreau.tumblr.com/post/165934687979/yuletide-letter-2017


Request 2 by FanchonMoreau
Teachers (UK TV) 
Jenny Paige, Susan Gately
Letter: http://fanchonmoreau.tumblr.com/post/165934687979/yuletide-letter-2017


Request 3 by FanchonMoreau
Der Rosenkavalier | The Knight of the Rose - Strauss/von Hoffmannsthal/von Kessler 
Maria Theresa von Werdenberg | Marie Therese von Werdenberg

I care so much more about Marie Therese than Octavian! He's not tagged as a character because you are welcome to not include him at all; I just want to make that super clear.

Also, incest is a huge squick of mine, and as far as I'm concerned, Marie Therese and Octavian are not really related. "Cousin" is a greeting for a fellow aristocrat.

Letter: http://fanchonmoreau.tumblr.com/post/165934687979/yuletide-letter-2017


Request 4 by FanchonMoreau
Le nozze di Figaro | The Marriage of Figaro - Mozart/Da Ponte 
Rosina Contessa di Almaviva (Le nozze di Figaro)

I'm putting these here because I think they might apply here more than any other request, but these go for all requests: 

No non-canonical rape or sexual assault, or graphic description of canonical rape or sexual assault.

No non-canonical major character death.

Letter: http://fanchonmoreau.tumblr.com/post/165934687979/yuletide-letter-2017


Request 5 by FanchonMoreau
The Worst Witch (TV 2017) 
Hecate Hardbroom (Worst Witch 2017), Mildred Hubble (Worst Witch 2017)

Please DO NOT pair Miss Hardbroom romantically with Mildred or any of the other students, even if you are aging them up.

Letter: http://fanchonmoreau.tumblr.com/post/165934687979/yuletide-letter-2017


***

Request 1 by farevenasdecidedtouse
The Goblin Emperor - Katherine Addison 
Maia Drazhar, Vedero Drazhin, Csethiro Ceredin, Csevet Aisava
Letter: http://marianainthemoatedgrange.dreamwidth.org/2037.html


Request 2 by farevenasdecidedtouse
Thief (Video Games) 
Viktoria, Garrett (Thief Original Series), Keeper Artemus
Letter: http://marianainthemoatedgrange.dreamwidth.org/2037.html


Request 3 by farevenasdecidedtouse
Sunless Sea 
The Presbyterate Adventuress, Maybe's Daughter (Sunless Sea), The Wistful Deviless (Sunless Sea), The Brisk Campaigner (Sunless Sea)
Letter: http://marianainthemoatedgrange.dreamwidth.org/2037.html


Request 4 by farevenasdecidedtouse
Fallen London | Echo Bazaar 
The Cat's Chiefest Claw, The Duchess (Fallen London), The Implacable Detective, The Masters of the Bazaar
Letter: http://marianainthemoatedgrange.dreamwidth.org/2037.html


Request 5 by farevenasdecidedtouse
Gentleman Bastard Sequence - Scott Lynch 
Zamira Drakasha, Locke Lamora, Jean Tannen, Ezri Delmastro
Letter: http://marianainthemoatedgrange.dreamwidth.org/2037.html


Request 6 by farevenasdecidedtouse
A Dark Room (Video Game) 
Builder (A Dark Room), Wanderer (A Dark Room)
Letter: http://marianainthemoatedgrange.dreamwidth.org/2037.html


***

Request 1 by fawatson
The Sandbaggers 

Any character or combination is fine.  

Gen definitely preferred – a nice twisty plot that shows Machiavellian machinations with a surprise ending please.  My plot bunnies include characters not nominated but please don’t feel you have to include any of the non-nominated characters.  I offer these in case they <i>help</i>, so if they don’t please ignore them. I am sure I will like any idea you come up with as I adore this fandom and cannot get enough of it.  

<u>Possible ideas:</u>  Jeff Ross comes into his own and for once runs rings round Neil.  Perhaps Wellingham teams up with Willie to manipulate Neil.  Why not tell us a story of Neil as a baby Sandbagger?  How about the first op Neil ran as D.Ops (and his unease at sitting in the chair sending out his agents instead of being out there himself)?  How did Neil and Willie become such good friends?  Was that because of an op where they had to depend on each other in a ‘life-and-limb’ situation? Marianne becomes a Sandbagger and proves herself exceptionally good (turns out she’s more efficient than Willie and even more twisty than Neil).  What would happen if, in Whitehall machinations, for once John Tower Gibbs and Neil were on the same side against Sir Geoffrey Wellingham?  The Russian who paired up with Willie Caine in Cyprus resurfaces on another op, with Willie again - or maybe this time it is Burnside or Jeff Ross who is bowled over. How about backstory?  Tell us about the time Neil had to make a critical decision and was one over the limit.  I love this fandom and anything you write will be a ‘plus’.

Letter: http://fawatson.dreamwidth.org/37479.html


Request 2 by fawatson
Stalky and Co - Rudyard Kipling 

Any character or combination is fine.  

I definitely prefer Gen for this fandom.  What I really want is another ‘chapter’ with Study 5 up to its usual Machiavellian antics, getting the best of the masters, but the Head (at least) being the downy bird that he is, and possibly the Padre, seeing through it.  Though if you want to reverse things a bit and have King get the upper hand for once, I can live with that.  Whatever it is, I would prefer you remain true to canon. My plot bunnies include characters not nominated but please don’t feel you have to include any of the non-nominated characters. I offer these in case they <i>help</i>, so if they don’t please ignore them.

<u>Possible Ideas:</u> Stalky pushing the boundaries in some way and getting getting back at King.  Alternatively: Stalky becomes King’s greatest supporter (much to that master’s chagrin).  Or throw a new element into the equation: there is a new boy at school who is terribly ‘pi’ and non-comformist to boot.  How does Study 5 deal with him?  In ‘Stalky’ it is De Vitre in a jam and Stalky who rescues.  The next week it is De Vitre who gets Stalky out of a jam, much to his chagrin and the amusement of Beetle and M’Turk.  Or: Prout decides to break up Study 5 by shuffling the trio round into other studies with other boys – mayhem ensues until the Study is reunited.  Stalky on campaign in India (a crossover with <i>Kim</i> would be much appreciated).

Letter: http://fawatson.dreamwidth.org/37479.html


Request 3 by fawatson
Kim - Rudyard Kipling 

Any character or combination is fine.  

<u>Optional Details:</u> I definitely prefer Gen for this fandom.  What I really want is more of Kim playing The Great Game and running rings round English, Indians and Russians like.  I really like the 'east meets west' theme that runs throughout this novel with the strong message that using a bit of both is a strength and that anyone who looks down on the other is at distinct disadvantage.  I love the implicit criticism of the Raj for doing just that.  

<u>Possible Ideas:</u> An older and wiser Kim runs a string of spies instead of being one himself but has to come out of 'retirement' when there is real danger of invasion.  Any crossover with <i>Stalky</i> or any of the stories in <i>Plain Tales from the Hills</i> would be much appreciated.  What about Kim relocated to the south, away from the Northwest Frontier he knows so well.  A mission told from the perspective of Hurree Babu or Mahbub Ali.  Kim in England and his perspective on the peculiarities of English customs and the class system. Or, Kim in Ireland (after all he is part Irish) - how do his relatives take to his Indian side, and how does he take to them?

Letter: http://fawatson.dreamwidth.org/37479.html


Request 4 by fawatson
Alexander Trilogy - Mary Renault 

Any character or combination is fine.  

This is a perennial favourite; who <i>cannot</i> cry along with Bagoas when Alexander dies? I am very fond of stories which include minor characters interacting with one or more of the major characters in ways which reveal more of the subtleties of either relationships or ethical dilemmas.  My plot bunnies include characters not nominated but please don’t feel you have to include any of the non-nominated characters. I offer these in case they <i>help</i>, so if they don’t please ignore them.  Although I generally prefer Gen this is one of the fandoms in which I have actually written a couple of sex scenes – semi-explicit (but not very).  Please see my own fan-fic on AO3 if you want to see the kind of sensual-sex-to-fade-out thing that matches my taste.  

<u>Possible Ideas:</u> Show us more of Alexander’s campaigns before he and Bagoas meet.  If you want to show them from someone else’s perspective (e.g. Perdikkas, Ptolemy, Antipater, etc) all the better.  Alexander, Hephaistion and Roxane: the eternal triangle.  Alexander and Sisygambis: show us their relationship developing.  Eurydike channelling the shade of Alexander.  Kleopatra as she grows up.  Life in the Persian harem: the women’s power bases and how they change as Darius loses control and Alexander’s campaigns continue.  Bagoas after Alexander’s death: how does he rebuild his life?

Letter: http://fawatson.dreamwidth.org/37479.html


Request 5 by fawatson
The Last of the Wine - Mary Renault 

Any character or combination is fine.  

As always, I really would like something that explores Phaedo; but having said that, if he is not the character that grabs your attention, that is OK as I would be extremely pleased with anything based on this novel; it remains my favourite of the Renault historicals.  My plot bunnies include characters not nominated but please don’t feel you have to include any of the non-nominated characters. I offer these in case they <i>help</i>, so if they don’t please ignore them.  Although I generally prefer Gen this is one of the fandoms in which I have actually written a couple of sex scenes – semi-explicit (but not very).  Please see my own fan-fic on AO3 if you want to see the kind of sensual-sex-to-fade-out thing that matches my taste.  

<u>Possible ideas:</u> Anything which sheds a bit more light on Phaedo’s character. For example: how did he manage during the siege of Athens? Alternatively: explore the relationship Phaedo has with Sokrates. Or: what is Phaedo’s relationship with one or more of the following: Lysis, Kritias, Plato or Xenophon?  Or (post-book) how did Phaedo react to Sokrates’ death?   Ideas for non-Phaedo stories:  Lysis and Thalia – what was their relationship like?  Tell us something from Arete’s point of view.  What does she think of Alexias’ decision to divert money he earns during the siege toward helping Lysis instead of buying food for his sister Charis, and mother (and unborn brother)?  Or how about Arete quietly learning philosophy from Alexias, with him all unknowing, but her conclusions, coloured by the position of women in Athenian society, are distinctly different from the ones Alexias draws.  Myron watches Alexias as he grows up, seeing the parallels and opposites between his son and himself in their choices and experiences.  Show the progression of Lysis’ relationship with Alexias as seen through the eyes of their fathers.  How about a glimpse of the future?  Perhaps Alexias’ son Myron shows a talent for pankration, and watching his son practice reminds Alexias of seeing Autolykos compete.  What was it like to be Sokrates’ son or wife and see him spend so much of his time and attention on people who were not his family?

Letter: http://fawatson.dreamwidth.org/37479.html


Request 6 by fawatson
The Mask of Apollo - Mary Renault 

Any character or combination is fine.  

I haven't requested this for a few years because it hasn't always been nominated for Yuletide.  Fortunately it is in the tagset this year.  If you want to write sex scenes in a story within this fandom that is OK but I generally prefer sensual scenes rather than explicit.  

<u>Possible ideas:</u> If you look back over previous requests you will see one recurring plot bunny: Thettalos as a spy for Alexander.  That said, I will enjoy anything set within this novel.  A story that shows Thettalos or Nikeratos in a play (perhaps as rivals for a contest?).  We know both are dramatic actors; show them doing comedy (maybe for a dare or to help out some fellow actors who are in a jam) - do they find it more demanding than they original thought it would be?  How about a farce: the gods decide to interfere and merry mayhem ensues.  Plato teaching Axiothea.  Backstory about Axiothea - how did she get permission to study with Plato?  Thettalos is the younger; how does he fare after Nikeratos' death?

Letter: http://fawatson.dreamwidth.org/37479.html


***

Request 1 by Fearful_Captain_Biff_Elderberry
Bartimaeus - Jonathan Stroud 
Bartimaeus (Bartimaeus), Ptolemy (Bartimaeus)
Letter: http://biffelderberry.livejournal.com/4518.html


Request 2 by Fearful_Captain_Biff_Elderberry
Atomic Blonde (2017) 
Delphine Lasalle, Lorraine Broughton, James Gasciogne
Letter: http://biffelderberry.livejournal.com/4518.html


Request 3 by Fearful_Captain_Biff_Elderberry
King Arthur: Legend of the Sword (2017) 
Goosefat Bill (King Arthur: Legend of the Sword), Arthur (King Arthur: Legend of the Sword), Vortigern (King Arthur: Legend of the Sword)
Letter: http://biffelderberry.livejournal.com/4518.html


Request 4 by Fearful_Captain_Biff_Elderberry
Wonder Woman (2017) 
Diana Prince (Wonder Woman 2017), Etta Candy (Wonder Woman 2017), Steve Trevor (Wonder Woman 2017)
Letter: http://biffelderberry.livejournal.com/4518.html


Request 5 by Fearful_Captain_Biff_Elderberry
Galavant (TV) 
Galavant (Galavant), Richard (Galavant)
Letter: http://biffelderberry.livejournal.com/4518.html


Request 6 by Fearful_Captain_Biff_Elderberry
The Magicians (TV) 
Letter: http://biffelderberry.livejournal.com/4518.html


***

Request 1 by fearlessfan
A Little Life - Hanya Yanagihara 
Willem Ragnarsson (A Little Life), Jude St. Francis (A Little Life)

I tore through this book in a little more than a day and then spent the next few weeks going back to read my favorite passages which, as you might guess given my request, almost always featured Jude and Willem. I loved their relationship and would particularly like a glimpse of their college friendship, little things like: getting snowed in and watching a terrible movie; eating bad food in the dining hall; helping each other with assignments. If that period doesn't work for you, I'd be happy with a glimpse of their relationship in their later years as well - my only request is that it not be bleak.

Letter: http://fearlessfan.livejournal.com/36753.html


Request 2 by fearlessfan
Dark Matter (TV) 
Two | Portia Lin, Five | Das, Three | Marcus Boone, The Android (Dark Matter)

I was so disappointed when this show was canceled! I would love to see more of these characters, and I suppose I'm not too picky as to where you go with it. I also picked the four characters I did because they are my favorites, but I don't need the story to feature all of them (though if you'd like to, that would be great!). Focusing on one or some of the characters I chose is totally fine with me. The only thing I would not particularly like is anything romantic between Five and the other characters, as her relationship with the other characters has always had a greater parental/sibling vibe to me. I also would prefer something without a sad ending. If you would like to write a what-comes-next for after the finale, that would work for me, or if you'd like to write a slice-of-life from their future, that would be great, too. A smaller story about one or two characters would work as well, something as simple as two of them having dinner and talking about something that's happened, or a missing moment from the earlier seasons. I just really came to love these characters and their connections with each other and would love to see more of them.

Letter: http://fearlessfan.livejournal.com/36753.html


Request 3 by fearlessfan
The Good Place (TV) 
Eleanor Shellstrop, Chidi Anagonye

The Good Place has become one of my favorite shows, and the dynamic between Eleanor and Chidi is one of the things I love the most about it. I would love to see a story focusing on their connection - perhaps a story about one of one (or more) of the previous attempts that were rushed through in episode 3? A missing moment from the first season? What if they had stayed in The Medium Place?
Or maybe a glimpse of one (or more) of their times in The Medium Place? Or if something is happening currently in the show that you would like to explore, that would be fine, too. What I like the most about their connection is how their sharp edges bump up against each other and prompt each of them toward their better selves - Eleanor losing some of her selfishness, Chidi absorbing some of Eleanor's decisiveness and bravery.

Letter: http://fearlessfan.livejournal.com/36753.html


***

Request 1 by felix814
Vorkosigan Saga - Lois McMaster Bujold 
Gregor Vorbarra, Miles Vorkosigan, Ivan Vorpatril

I don't know how much to ask you for, since I don't want to limit you too much. There isn't that much which squicks me, although unhappy endings and major character death would be on the list. I am fascinated by these characters, and especially the relationship between them, as complicated as it is with political loyalty, familial affection, the whole Barrayaran masculinity warrior thing. I love slash, but it's not necessary. Please go wherever interests you with this story. If you feel like a prompt, it would be cool to read something about these characters as boys/teens, getting mixed up with some kind of Imperial scheme or plot.


Request 2 by felix814
Psmith - P. G. Wodehouse 
Rupert Psmith, Mike Jackson

It would be totally fantastic if you slashed Psmith/Mike, since I think they're glorious together. I dislike sad endings and major character deaths, but I wouldn't mind you taking on some of the more realistic aspects of Edwardian England. That is to say, don't feel like you have to copy the Wodehouse style of fun hijinks; although you certainly can if you want to.


Request 3 by felix814
The Eagle | The Eagle of the Ninth (2011) 
Marcus Flavius Aquila (The Eagle of the Ninth (2011)), Esca Mac Cunoval (The Eagle of the Ninth (2011))

I'm a huge fan of slashing Marcus and Esca, as you can probably tell, but would be okay with a friendship fic as well. I especially adore Esca and his history and characterization as seen through the film, so if you just want to focus on him, that would be great too. I dislike sad endings and major character deaths, but anything else is on the table.


***

Request 1 by fenellaevangela
People of Earth (TV 2016) 

DNW gore or angst without a happy ending. General likes are in my letter!

I'm requesting Any here. Worldbuilding stories are also welcome!

- The immediate aftermath of the season two finale, whatever you personally think that’s going to be!

- More of Alex and Jasmine getting to know each other, or Alex meeting her mother.

- Alex femslash! Maybe with Gina?

- Yvonne/Gerry, being cute and domestic, sexy, or working together to foils Eric’s plan.

- Yvonne is an underutilized character. I’m fascinated by how she handles her experience with the aliens; she seems to be so together when she’s out in public, but the moment you walk into her home there are grenades in the light fixtures. Give me a slice of life fic where we see how her paranoia effects her everyday life.

- Kurt was killed (again) when that truck hit him. Fortunately, this time Jeff knows exactly what to do.

- Somehow Ennis ends up finding and helping Jeff while Jeff is stranded on Earth.

- After sneaking aboard the ship to save StarCrossed Jonathan is faced with the possibility that he might have to leave Ozzie’s body behind – so he kisses him in a last-ditch effort to revive him.

- Turns out Jeff (the Greys?) just happens to be able to bring people back to life ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ It’s not going to work for anyone but Jeff so Jonathan tries to convince him to kiss Ozzie.

- Don is freed from Eric’s control part way through StarCrossed’s escape. He wasn’t aware of what he was doing while possessed and he’s confronted by Kelly, on the ship, pissed off that he’s an alien.

- Kelly and Ozzie interacting, especially after Ozzie’s resurrection when he understandably needs his sponsor but Kelly’s also dealing with shit of her own.

- One of the alien characters (not necessarily Jonathan; it would be funny to see one of the others, instead) finally makes contact with a group of rogue aliens on Earth. Do the tenets of Jeff’s Mutiny mesh with the actual rebellion already underway?

- Kurt gets the opportunity to tell Jeff how <i>he</i> feels.

- Show me a StarCrossed meeting!

- . . . Alien/alien or human/alien sex or lead up to sex, especially if it involves the characters trying to decide how the interspecies thing is going to work. I'm particularly interested in Kurt/Jeff, Ozzie/Jonathan, or Kelly/Don, but if there's another pairing you have ideas for I'll be thrilled to read about it!

Letter: http://fenellaevangela.dreamwidth.org/193930.html


Request 2 by fenellaevangela
Romy and Michele's High School Reunion (1997) 
Michele Weinberger, Romy White, Sandy Frink

DNW gore or angst without a happy ending. General likes are in my letter!

- Romy and Michele realize that actually they’ve been in love with each other since high school and just didn’t recognize it. Romy/Michele/Sandy optional.

- After Romy and Michele’s boutique takes off in a big way they get tapped to create some outfits for a big fashion show or a movie or something. The experience is unreal.

- Sandy sets up a romantic evening that’s perfectly tailored to his girlfriend(s)’s particular tastes :-D

- Romy and Michele’s High School Reunion . . . in Space.

- Give me soulmates, <a href="https://fanlore.org/wiki/Sedoretu">sedoretu</a>, or even a/b/o!

Letter: http://fenellaevangela.dreamwidth.org/193930.html


Request 3 by fenellaevangela
Rewind (2013) 
John Malcolm (Rewind), Danny Gates (Rewind)

DNW gore or angst without a happy ending. General likes are in my letter!

- Give me a fic exploring John’s motivations for what he did at the end of the movie
&gt;&gt; Option 1: He’s just genuinely evil, and somehow benefitted by destroying(?) the US – or the world. What was he getting out of it?
&gt;&gt; Option 2: He was trying to fix some wrong. What was so bad that he risked changing time without calculating a safe solution?

- Danny (and the rest of the team) go back in time to confront John in the past. Maybe they can only go back to a different time/place and have to do a lot to find him?

- Straight-up hatesex.

- While the team is trying to find John he manages to get Danny alone and tries to plead his case.

- After John has been captured and his mess reversed Danny starts visiting him in prison for ~reasons~

Letter: http://fenellaevangela.dreamwidth.org/193930.html


Request 4 by fenellaevangela
Powerless (TV 2017) 

DNW gore or angst without a happy ending. General likes are in my letter!

I'm requesting Any here. Worldbuilding stories are also welcome!

- Ron/Van. Look, there was that one fic with them and it worked for me, okay. In fact, Van being a faily romantic partner for anyone would be great. I don’t think anyone would stick it out with him for long, but it’ll be fun to read about while it lasts. Probably the person who would stay the longest is Emily, I think, because she tries so hard to see the best in people . . . Jackie would last the shortest amount of time (but she’d manage to come out of it with a sports car or a lake house).

- Wendy/Van. Maybe during the day that didn’t happen? Just raw sexual attraction and regret.

- Wendy went through a wormhole and came back with two years having passed for her . . . please elaborate!

- Jackie keeps reluctantly having to use her superpowers, which is bad enough, but then the Justice League (or whoever) starts paying attention to her and she just doesn’t have time for this, okay?

- Office hijinks: a prank war, the perils of office dating, competing to have a project approved, etc.

- Green Fury/Emily. This isn’t what Emily thought dating a superhero would be like.

- Ron/Teddy. Maybe Ron takes Teddy to Atlantis?

- Emily gets to go to the head office in Gotham!
&gt;&gt; Van is incredibly jealous and keeps trying to come up with reasons he should come too/she should stay behind.
&gt;&gt; Van actually does go with her but Emily has to stop him from embarrassing himself and/or getting their division shut down.
&gt;&gt; Emily runs into a Gotham resident of your choice! (I’m fond of Batwoman but seriously anyone is good!)
&gt;&gt; Emily makes a big presentation at the head office and kills it, perhaps earning praise from Bruce Wayne himself.

- Now that I think of it, Green Fury/Batwoman would be amazing.

Letter: http://fenellaevangela.dreamwidth.org/193930.html


Request 5 by fenellaevangela
The Chrysalids - John Wyndham 

DNW gore or angst without a happy ending. General likes are in my letter!

I'm requesting Any here. Worldbuilding stories are also welcome!

- The adventures of Michael and Rachel trying to make their way to Zealand post-canon! 

- David, Rosalind, and/or Petra’s experiences when they first arrive in Zealand!

- An AU where the group were never found out!
&gt;&gt; The other boy in their group isn’t killed by a fallen tree and crisis is averted when he and Anne fall in love. The other girls are more reasonable about not having a fellow telepath to marry . . . but what is their solution?
&gt;&gt; The group comes up with various reasons for all of them to leave the area and move to the city. Is it safer for them there? Are there any other mutants hiding in the city?
&gt;&gt; When another Fringe group begins making trouble and tries to get government attention, some or all of the group finds a way to help them out.

- Worldbuilding:
&gt;&gt; The travels of a sailor, perhaps even Uncle Axel, on a trip down south, and all the hints of the past they see (this could also work for my Michael and Rachel prompt!).
&gt;&gt; Who was the Nicholson of Nicholson's Repentances? What was the world like when they were writing?
&gt;&gt; The history of one of the other surviving human populations described in the book. 

- Future!Petra returns to Waknuk, maybe to see if other telepaths have been born in the area since her youth, or maybe just to see her parents and childhood home.

Letter: http://fenellaevangela.dreamwidth.org/193930.html


***

Request 1 by feroxargentea
Preacher (TV) 
Tulip O'Hare (Preacher TV)

Please no PWP, noncon, underage or kidfic. See letter for more details.

Letter: http://feroxargentea.dreamwidth.org/42570.html


Request 2 by feroxargentea
Northern Exposure 

Please no PWP, noncon, underage or kidfic. See letter for more details.

Letter: http://feroxargentea.dreamwidth.org/42570.html


Request 3 by feroxargentea
Hard Core Logo (1996) 
Billy Tallent, Joe Dick

Please no PWP, noncon, underage or kidfic. See letter for more details.

Letter: http://feroxargentea.dreamwidth.org/42570.html


Request 4 by feroxargentea
Code Name Verity Series - Elizabeth Wein 
Maddie Brodatt

Please no PWP, noncon, underage or kidfic. See letter for more details.

Letter: http://feroxargentea.dreamwidth.org/42570.html


Request 5 by feroxargentea
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell (TV) 
Arabella Strange (JSMN TV)

Please no PWP, noncon, underage or kidfic. See letter for more details.

Letter: http://feroxargentea.dreamwidth.org/42570.html


***

Request 1 by feverbeats
Peter Pan - J. M. Barrie 

I am all about Peter Pan retellings, and I'm still trying to find the perfect one. Queerness is good. I love Tinkerbell being horrible (I know she's not on the character list, so feel free not to include her, obvs). I am not as interested in Wendy as I am in the people already in Neverland, but basically do what you want to make it a cool AU/retelling/whatever! If that's not your comfort zone, I'd be very happy with Peter having some adventures in Neverland, as long as they're tinged with that sort of bizarre mean/surreal/funny stuff that's in the book.


Request 2 by feverbeats
The Prestige (2006) 
Alfred Borden, Robert Angier, Bernard Fallon

I would love EITHER a happy ending of whatever kind OR more times the two (three) of them got too obsessive and ruined each other's lives further. Borden/Angier is great.

(Borden/Borden is perfectly okay but not required).


Request 3 by feverbeats
The Mummy Series 
Rick O'Connell, Ardeth Bay, Evy Carnahan O'Connell

I would love a rom-com type deal about Rick and Evy slowly starting to date Ardeth and add him into their lives.


***

Request 1 by FiKate
Vorkosigan Saga - Lois McMaster Bujold 
Ivan Vorpatril, Alys Vorpatril, Gregor Vorbarra

Its hard for me to choose just a few characters because they're all intertwined. Ivan has always been a favorite of mine and became more so with Captain Vorpatril's Alliance, I love his perspective on Barrayar as he knows politics and avoids them. I'm fascinated by his relationship with his mother and everyone around him. Please include anyone else of the social circle, more details in my letter.

Letter: http://ceitfianna.dreamwidth.org/470738.html


Request 2 by FiKate
October Daye Series - Seanan McGuire 
Quentin Sollys, Raj (October Daye)

The latest book has left me wanting to know even more about how the younger generation of the Fae world interacts together and their point of view on what's been happening.

Letter: http://ceitfianna.dreamwidth.org/470738.html


Request 3 by FiKate
InCryptid - Seanan McGuire 
Sam Spencer (Incryptid), Antimony Price

I love this entire series and found this latest book a wonderful look back and forward in terms of the Prices and how they've changed their world. Sam and Antimony are an amazing couple who worked so well because they understood each other. I'd love more of them and views into their world.

Letter: http://ceitfianna.dreamwidth.org/470738.html


Request 4 by FiKate
Inspector Alleyn Mysteries - Ngaio Marsh 
Agatha Troy (Inspector Alleyn - Ngaio Marsh), Roderick Alleyn (Inspector Alleyn - Ngaio Marsh), Roberta Grey (Inspector Alleyn - Ngaio Marsh), Henry Lamprey (Inspector Alleyn - Ngaio Marsh)

This is one of my favorite series of mysteries, pure comfort reads and I adore the relationships. I'd love to see more of Roberta and Michael, how are they figuring their lives out and how are they connecting with Troy and Alleyn.

Letter: http://ceitfianna.dreamwidth.org/470738.html


Request 5 by FiKate
Old Kingdom - Garth Nix 
Sameth (Old Kingdom), Ferin (Old Kingdom)

Goldenhand made me so happy because I loved seeing what happens next. Ferin's outsider perspective on the Old Kingdom and her connection with Sameth. I would love to know what happens next, missing moments, Ferin learning more about the Charter, getting Sameth out of his shell.

Letter: http://ceitfianna.dreamwidth.org/470738.html


***

Request 1 by Filigranka
Natsume Yuujinchou | Natsume's Book of Friends 
Matoba Seiji, Natori Shuuichi

DNW: underage, alternate reality&amp;mundane AU, porn, fics focusing on gender/sexuality identities, crossovers/fusions, Matoba treated like a completely black character (some ambiguity is more than welcome), any kind of Matoba/Natsume romance.

Feel free to use other canonical characters. List of general likes etc. - in the letter.

I’ve gotten a couple of beautiful, wonderful fics about the exorcist and the relationship between Natori and Matoba, than I feel very greedy asking for more. But I can’t stop myself, I love the canon and both of them soo much.

I'd love to see some world-building - exorcists' politics, lore etiquette etc. And also the study of this wonderfully ambiguous and tangled relationship these two has in canon. Pastfic, casefic (maybe Natsume is in danger and they have to unite to help him? maybe one of them is hurt and the other has to take care of him? all these good old foe-tropes would be very much welcomed here - either in shippy, or in gen, "antagonistic smarm" version), some sort of exorcists meeting, just them competing with each other (for Natsume, for glory, for the fame) - I'd be pleased with everything. Adding a touch of folklore would be a very nice, but absolutely not required bonus.

Fic about their feelings towards Takashi is always welcomed, too! Or about Natsume getting to know the exorcists’ world better.

Letter: http://filigranka.dreamwidth.org/23312.html


Request 2 by Filigranka
Conan the Adventurer (Cartoon) 
Mesmira (Conan the Adventurer), Greywolf (Conan the Adventurer), Wrath-Amon (Conan the Adventurer)

DNW:
– AUs, except for the ones mentioned below, 
– fics focusing on gender/sexuality identities, 
– Mpreg, sex pollen, aliens make them do it,
– crossovers/fusions, 
– parent-children incest, 
– underage (&lt; 13 years),
– watersports, scat, vomit, snuff,
– abortion/miscarriage, children's deaths,
- real-world religions bashing.

Could be treated like OR request. Feel free to use other, non-requested characters! General list of likes etc. - in the letter.

It's one of my favourite childhood cartoon. I dreamt about it and plotted a thousands stories in its setting. I was fascinated by Warth-Amon and his relationship with Seth and with his (tricked) subjects - I'd love some fic exploring his position in the Seth hierarchy of beings, his motivations, his manipulations and/or his cruelty. So, character study, basically. I'd also be interested in the world-building and/or politics/religion side of his everyday life. If you would like to write about him and Wingfang, I'm totally OK with that (I shipped both Wingfang and Wrath-Amon with Jasmine, but that's just the bonus info, since she isn't nominated - I don't expect you to use it, although, if you want to, I won't mind).

In fact, world-building is my general request for this canon - Conan's world seemed very rich, with quite a few different cultures. We only saw glimpses of them, and I'd love to see them explored, enriched and brought to life.

Mesmira, if my memory serves me right, had wonderfully foe-yayish relationship with Conan, but I was - and still am - more interested in shifting it into Greywolf (i use "foe-yay" as both erotic and platonic term, here), probably because the stakes are much higher there. The emotions, including hate, are much stronger, too. And there's this deal with his siblings into the background, which would make the whole relationship even more intense - and, probably, based either on abuse/simple violence or deception (promises of bringing them back to their human-selves? threatening their lives? or Greywolf having an upper hand and trying to force her to help them?). They're reluctant allies in some episodes and I would love to see it explored, too. Or just something happening after the series, when they're forced to at least sometimes meet each other - and while they have be civil in public, in private they like to struggle for dominance (erotically, via banter, via science/politics). I don't mind either gen, erotic or porn version of their relations.

Tortures, interrogations, manipulations, mindbreaking etc. as per usual - warmly welcomed, although absolutely not necessary. I also might be interested in Greywolf-his sibling incest, especially, but not only, the forced one (the only way to break the curse). But without the xeno/bestiality - so at this one night, when the wolves become human again. Presence/active participation of Mesmira in this scenario would be a very nice bonus.

Letter: http://filigranka.dreamwidth.org/23312.html


Request 3 by Filigranka
Die Räuber | The Robbers - Schiller 
Karl Moor (Die Räuber), Franz Moor (Die Räuber), Amalia von Edelreich (Die Räuber)

Could be treated like OR request. General likes etc. - in the letter.

DNW:
– AUs, except for the ones mentioned below, 
– fics focusing on gender/sexuality identities, 
– Mpreg, 
– crossovers/fusions, 
– parent-children incest, 
– underage (&lt; 13 years),
– watersports, scat, vomit, snuff,
– abortion/miscarriage, children's deaths.

Manipulation and betrayal all the way! Or a sweet, fluffy kidfic, as I really, really love them. Or a hinting-at-the-future, gloomy kidfic, whatever you prefer! I’d be very interested in seeing relationship brother Moors have with their father – he had to make some epic mistakes in their upbringing, after all – but please, no portraying him as a terrible, physically abusive father. It were different times, of course, and taking that into account (e.g. physical punishment, duty before the emotions etc.) would be very warmly welcomed.

I’d like also be interested in seeing the relationship between Karl&amp;/Franz&amp;/Amalia either during the play or earlier. How did brothers try to win her favour? What mistakes Franz did do?

And, of course, these glorious foe-yay vibes between Franz&amp;Karl! I'd love to see their rivalry and obsession with each other - some kind of AU/in-between fic in which one of them is a prisoner of another (and then we have interrogations and ambivalent emotions, and tortures, and possible hatesex or rape! or forced intimacy and taking care for your enemy, and other similar wonderful tropes) would be great, but I'd also be interested in seeing their differences played in more "normal" familial situation.

Some kind of everybody-lives-and-is-miserable AU would be great for exploring all their familiar dynamics, too.

Letter: http://filigranka.dreamwidth.org/23312.html


Request 4 by Filigranka
Pillars of Eternity 
Galven Regd (Pillars of Eternity), Lliras (Pillars of Eternity), Aloth Corfiser, Edér Teylecg

DNW: non-canonical character death, fics focusing on gender/sexuality identities, crossovers/fusions, AUs, watersports, scat, vomit. I strongly prefer female Watcher.

This is an OR request, definitely. Also, feel free to use other canonical characters in your fic. General likes etc. - in the letter.

I love the world-building in this game! exploring it, either on the spiritual/scientific or historical level (I adore the history of Galven Regd and Hadrets, their respect for each other despite the ideological differences and that tiny little thing called war, so if you would like to explore it, I'd be absolutely thrilled! I love the foe-yayish vibes I got from it - by don't feel pressured into making it a romance, some sort of "enemy of mine", "honourable enemy", conflict of loyalties, forced presence and other antagonistic friendship - or friendly antagonists - tropes are my jam, too!). I'd love to see something about Dyrwood's politics, too, at any point of time. Or about Orlan's culture - Twin Elms was the most fascinating location for me. Lliras and Regd requests could easily lead to such a world-building story. Or a story about the beginning of the Dyrwood, their road to independence, their politics and ideals there (and maybe Thaos played a part in that story, too?).

I love the pets, this menagerie we’re collecting during the game, so you can make them part of the background, too (or just mention them in one line, that’s all I need).

As for prompts (only if you need them, if you have your idea, go for it!):
- any kind of team-bonding (not necessarily the pleasant way; I think arguments, fighting and crisis could bring people together, too, and I'd gladly read about this kind of familiarity/bonding).
- Crack or fluff about our team and it’s adventures (or leisure time in Caed Nua).
– The theme of loyalty, duty, obligation and faith - it's very interesting part of the game, and any kind of the scene/situation/interaction which would show what one (or more) of these means to a character - or how different characters understands these terms - would be welcome.
- Some cracky-crack about any of the characters or some post-game adventures of the characters,
- Lliras and his father, Lliras and the Twin Elm's culture - he decided to betray his father, why? Because of moral code? Because of some kind of attachment to the child's family (maybe anything, from the friendship to forbidden romance)? Because he found it an political opportunity? to get a rid of his father? To spite on his father? The options are almost infinitive and I'd love all of them;
- Aloth relationship with his family and/or himself/Iselmyra and/or Thaos and The Key (either as a past fic, or in a version when he became the double agent) - I'd love to read something about it;
- Eder and his relationship with his faith (with pets ;)) or some bittersweet fic about his past/childhood? his life in the village, him making his peace with the fact that he doesn't belong there anymore; or him and some of the other companions, especially Sagani, Aloth or Durace (they must have many passionate discussion about religion!)

I’d be happy with some porn/romance, too. Any of those characters would be fine, but I’ve got a soft spot for Aloth-Iselmyr-Eder interactions/pararomance. And I’m most certainly not opposing to throwing the Watcher into this mess. Or making it dub-con (consent issues are inevitable in such situation, I think). Or playing with the traumas all of them have (Aloth and his father, Eder and the war and everything which came after it, the Watcher and… whatever you would like to write her, she’s completely tabula rasa after all) – be it in either totally safe, sane, consensual (fear play would be fascinating, I’m sure) or more dark/dub-con manner. Humour/crackish piece about them would make me very happy, too.

Letter: http://filigranka.dreamwidth.org/23312.html


Request 5 by Filigranka
Star Wars Legends: Knights of the Old Republic 
Dustil Onasi, Canderous Ordo (KotOR), Carth Onasi (KotOR), Female Revan (Star Wars) (KotOR)

DNW: 
- If you're going the dark!Revan route, no mentions of the Mission's fate, please (unless you would like to explicitly stated that she is all right. well, not dead at least). – AUs, except for the ones mentioned below, 
– fics focusing on gender/sexuality identities, 
– Mpreg, 
– crossovers/fusions, 
– parent-children incest, 
– underage (&lt; 13 years),
– watersports, scat, vomit, snuff,
– abortion/miscarriage, children's deaths.

This request could be treated like an OR one. Feel free to include KoTORII plot&amp;world-building and other, non-requested canonical characters. As for MMO – I haven’t played them, but I have nothing against its bits of canon. I dislike the Legends novel, though. Other general likes - in the letter.

I've got a great Canderous&amp;Carth fic in the previous years. Since I'm a greedy person, I asked for more this year – but please, don't feel like you have to write something similar to the previous one. Or something much different. I'm just very constant when it comes to favourite canons.

Pairings:

F!Revan/Carth
F!Revan/Canderous
Carth/Canderous
F!Revan/Carth/Canderous

As for not requested character pairings, if you are interested in writing them (if not, that's absolutely fine, the list is just in case)

Dustil/Mission
F!Revan/Malak

Prompts, if you need them:

– Conderous is a warrior, Carth is a soldier. That makes for a very interesting team dynamics. They could hate each other, but they had to work together and I like to think they grudgingly came to respect each other. So, there’s a place for snarky banters, fights (not only over ideas and war, but over Revan, too) and missions endangered by their disagreements.Tropes like honourable enemies (or even enemies to lovers! Yaaay!) comes into play, and these are my favourite tropes! Feel free to throw the rest of the crew into the fic, I don’t mind – but it’s of course not necessary, the interactions between Ordo and Carth – any interactions – would be enough to make me very, very happy. 
– Crack stories about their arguments in the mess-room and/or the tricks they played on each other would be great, too. 
– And I’d never say no to the porn. Just not sweet, fluffly one. Dub– and non-con are fine, elements of BDSM are fine, too. 
– I absolutely adore Revan/Carth, it’s my favourite game-pairing of all time, I think. I love it in every version, even the sickly sweet one. I’d be interested in their interaction in game and post-game – finding how to be in relationship during more normal times, without this whole “saving the world” deal. I think that would be especially challenging to Revan, for she, as a Jedi, didn’t have much experience with the family life. 
– I’d like to see them interacting with Dustil. Or just character piece focused on Dustil: how did he feel about his father relationship with Revan? We know that he somehow reconcile with his father, at least in the “good game path”, but I’m sure this process was in fact long, bumpy and full of tensions. I’d love to see explored! I think that post-game Mission could be a great friend (or something more!) for Dustil, but feel forced to include her, as I don't request her.
– Things which fascinate me in Canderous/Revan are similar to what I like in Canderous/Carth – past enemies, power imbalance, tension. But their friendship, even if tensed, is IMHO real – Revan helped him find a new purpose in life and I feel like he changed her a little, too.
– Dark AU in which Revan decided not to kill Carth (because of love/possession/irony/etc.) and instead made her toy/pet/official lover. I’d be interested in both porny and plotty/psychological version of that.
– Sith!Dustil would be fascinating addition to this dynamic (would he be jealous? angry? would he has any privileges because of that or be just another pawn in Revan’s game? maybe she would be using him to punish his father – or maybe he would be the one doing the punishing). HK-47 could be probably used as very eloquent fucking machine.
– I'm not opposed to Ordo as another lover – less forcefully taken – and his relations with Carth in such scenario.

Letter: http://filigranka.dreamwidth.org/23312.html


Request 6 by Filigranka
Wiedźmin | The Witcher (Video Game) 
Vernon Roche (Witcher Games), Iorveth (Witcher Games)

– AUs, except for the ones mentioned below, 
– fics focusing on gender/sexuality identities, 
– Mpreg, 
– crossovers/fusions, 
– parent-children incest, 
– underage (&lt; 13 years),
– watersports, scat, vomit, snuff,
– abortion/miscarriage, children's deaths
- ideological/freedom fight and/or patriotism being treated as a purely bad, black thing in narration (characters can think whatever suits them; I'm also most definitely not oppose to showing how cruel, for foes and civilians, both ideological fighters and special forces could be, how devastating they are for people's psyche etc., etc., etc. I'd just prefer if the narration didn't bash the above concepts completely; being fair and realistic in approach to them is much welcomed),
- Ves being raped/tortured. 

Feel free to use other, non-requested canonical characters. As for the letter - it's the list of my general likes&amp;dislikes.

Honestly, I just love the foe-yay between these two in the game. That's it. It could be treated like a ship or a purely gen relation - with lots of manipulation, tortures, interrogations, betrayals, conflicted loyalties, forced proximity and whatever other trope about ambiguous relationships you like. I like the conflicted emotions and emotional intensity, and not-killing-each-other-but-always-being-close - if they're a part of the erotic or platonic story, is of no consequence for me and do not influence my enjoyment. I don't care which of them has upper hand, too. When it comes to Iorveth and Roche you can do no wrong (unless you made them fluffy or healthy ship, since I crave the conflict and the danger - the canonical type of relation is totally fine). 

As for little details: I like Roche's hips, especially in the second game, his gloves, especially the difference in feeling/touch between of the leather and the skin and the very... sensual... way in which game shows us him killing (in Vergen, after falling from that bridge, for example). For Iorveth, I probably loves his ruthlessness, cruel idealism and some kind of hypocrisy (he did betray the cause for woman, after all), especially when I imagine his reaction upon realising that. I like the portrayal of his disability, too, the way he doesn't seem to care about it at all. And of course his tactically-stupid obsession about Roche. I prefer his name in Polish version - Iorweth - because that's the way it was spelled in the books, but it's a little preference, so if you don't like it, use the English version, I wouldn't mind.

When it comes to Iorveth and Roche all of the most 'tropiest', 'iddy' cliches works for me. Them being forced to cooperate before, during or after the Witcher II (even in some kind of canon-divergence AU, in this case I don't mind), with or without inclusion of the plot of the third game (or the delete materials, e.g. Iorveth in Novigrad), them being on the same diplomatic negotiations, them dying from the boredom on the diplomatic ball, them trying to kill each other (but somehow always failing, for some very suspicious reasons. like in the canon), one of them having to take care of the other (for political/tactical reasons, of course. purely. or to humiliate him), fighting, fucking, raping (I'm not opposed to the idea of Roche being gang-banged by the whole commando. or Iorveth's sharing his favourite toy with Ciaran, if that strikes your fancy - it's not nominated, so it's just an additional idea) talking, interrogating (the scene in the dungeon convinces me Roche was actually good at this job. and he knew how to play the good cop. and I love false gentleness, especially in interrogators), torturing, nurturing, pampering like a pet/prisoner of war, licking boots, whatever. I especially love the scenarios when one of them mixes abuse and caring gestures, but, really, everything and anything will be fine. All my general likes apply to them and that's the pure beauty of the canon for me.

I don't mind throwing Saskia into it - I've got the impression that she, for all her goodness and caring, is a rather pragmatic person. Elves are a good archers, Vergen don't have many units, Scoia'tael are useful, Iorveth's calmness and good mood are important and Roche is a war criminal - Iorveth's, frankly, too, it's one of the many wonderful thing about this ship - so it's probably not a terrible injustice if he is to be punished and treated like a pet or a (sex)toy for a while. Although I'm sure she wouldn't let Iorveth hurt him too much... but 'not too much' it still left many interesting options, especially remembering that she's a dragon.

Letter: http://filigranka.dreamwidth.org/23312.html


***

Request 1 by finch (afinch)
The Baby Sitters Club Club (Podcast) 
Jason Jasonson, Wandering Frog People, Goliath Hardbody

I love Jack's eager attempts at actual intellectual discourse and how Tanner crushes them, over and over again. I love the elaborate readings of the text and how even the mundane things, like a game called Wandering Frog People, turns into a vast global conspiracy. I would love a fic where Goliath Hardbody and his workforce (Jason Jasonson was the only one I could definitively confirm through Google, but I'm certain there's Mike Mikerson and a David Davidson as well if you wanted to include them) are caught up in this global conspiracy of the Wandering Frog People. What must they do to be safe? Who is the 'Eve' who started this all? What happens to people who have lost the game? Is this any relation to The Game? (You just lost The Game).

If you were feeling bold and wanted to crossover with The Baby Sitters Club Club RPF and include Jack and Tanner, I would definitely not object. 

If you have a different idea, go wild! My only hard DNW is shipping Jack/Tanner. Please also don't include the girls, I don't see why they need to be involved.

Letter: http://thecolourclear.dreamwidth.org/394689.html


Request 2 by finch (afinch)
Injection (Comics) 
Vivek Headland

Headland is my favorite character, but I love the whole 3CU. I'd really love anything that gives us backstory into Headland. Headland's past with Rubedo is an interesting avenue to potentially explore. Because he MUST have a past with them. There's way too many subtle hints dropped for this to be just knowledge he happens to know. But anything with his past will do. A logician and an ethicist walk into a bar … Or how did he get to be such partnership with Lucy? How did she come to trust him? What incidents led to their code? In another vein, any Robin/Viv whether present or backstory, romantic or otherwise, would be interesting. Especially since they are such different personalities. Super bonus points for unreliable narrator and/or The Injection with them. I also like Headland's banter with Red. "I believe there should be a deduction for being a show off fucker" sums up their relationship nicely. Banning Noble from speaking because he thinks television has got worth watching is as problematic as it is amusing. I would enjoy slice-of-life with Headland and his staff that doesn't try to take itself too seriously - which television Noble?! Defend your premise!

DNW: Viv as Sherlock Holmes. Yea, he's got this uncanny demeanor, but he's not the reincarnation of him, or whatever. Leave Headland Headland. Mostly cos Maria wears it better, but that's not an invitation to Sherlock her up either. One thing I definitely do not want is an ensemble fic. Or Headland/Lucy in a romantic pairing.

Letter: http://thecolourclear.dreamwidth.org/394689.html


Request 3 by finch (afinch)
Manifest Destiny (Comics) 

I like fighting monsters and the aftermath of fighting monsters. I love conflict about what to do next. I like the small peaceful moments they can have in the wild west. I love distrust and unreliable narrators. If you wanted to do an AU: Sacajawea and the baby - what if at any point she loses the baby? Does that change the nature of the story? Or what if she says more during her fever dream that lets everyone realize her true 'sacrifice' intent? What if York picks up enough of a Native language and is offered his freedom if he turns on his white captors? What if Lewis falls in 'love' with a Native? What if Magdalene has had enough of this BS and she and the girls go out on their own? What if she's actually treated as an equal? What if it was Clark and Magdalene on the boat and Lewis and York on the shore? No matter what I'd like to see Magdalene and York as allies and/or York and Sacajawea as allies. 

DNW: Rape as a tragic backstory, rape as a plot point, nominated character death, Natives as villains, the dumbing down of clearly intelligent characters, kidfic (outside of Sacajawea's baby)

Letter: http://thecolourclear.dreamwidth.org/394689.html


Request 4 by finch (afinch)
Nimona (Webcomic) 
Ballister Blackheart, Ambrosius Goldenloin, Nimona

Oh what tales we weave, when first we learn to deceive. I want happy endings for my fabulously flawed characters! Ballister and Nimona MUST reunite and Goldenloin MUST come along too and there must be HIJINKS of all sorts. Ballister being all sciency and Goldenloin being all dramatic and the two of them being so stupidly stubborn and Nimona all 'wtf did I come back for if this is what I was getting?' but also the notion of found family and forgiveness and learning to move forward. And loyalty and trust and how the two don't have to go hand in hand but often do, and how you can love someone but not condone everything they do and if there were unreliable narrators all throughout this, it would be fantastic. 

Basically, this is a wonderful, quirky little fandom and I'd love anything post-series happily-ever-after for it!

Letter: http://thecolourclear.dreamwidth.org/394689.html


Request 5 by finch (afinch)
Paper Girls (Comics) 
Tiffany (Paper Girls), MacKenzie Coyle

I offered these two together, but if something takes you in a direction that is for only one of them, go for it! I only ask that if you're not including the other nominated character, you don't include KJ or Erin either.

I love Paper Girls, the end. Time-travel and crossing streams, and nothing is as it seems. So many questions. So many rules that don't seem to make sense. How many Erin's are there, actually? I would love any flash-forward or flash-back sequences, alternative timelines, things that never happened but could have, things that still could happen, basically anything that plays with time and stories. Telling the same story multiple times with slight changes each time to play with butterfly theory (the girls wind up in a diner in 1950. In one version, Mac has her watch. In the other, she does and it's broken. In the third, no watch. Just as an example!). The girls in new places, the girls in old places, the girls confronting their futures, especially CHANGED futures, the girls encountering lovers or other unexpected people (what do you mean, I married Jimmy from kindergarten?!, that hadn't happened before!). If you want to take a heavily approach: does knowing the future mean you can change it? 

On another tack, I really like the line "If your friends aren't made of dreams, they're probably already dead." We know the iBrain device gives people nightmares. There's a lot of dreaming and what is or isn't real that gets played with. Exploring anything with dreams in that vein would be fantastic. Feel free to make it as surrealistic or as logical as you'd like. There are no rules in dreams. 

DNW: major character death, child abuse, underage beyond kissing (they are twelve)

Letter: http://thecolourclear.dreamwidth.org/394689.html


Request 6 by finch (afinch)
Saga (Comics) 
Petrichor (Saga)

Felicia Day likes Saga and I like her, so I like Saga (basically). I've been a fan of Petrichor from the very start. I love how she's not afraid to speak her mind, even if she's in a terrible place to be doing so. She's got this devil-may-care attitude and she gives zero shits about it. She even does this to Hazel a few times, but she tones it down for the kid. She's dead loyal to the kid and would sacrifice herself for her. Despite that, she's never as strong as she seems, and she had that moment of weakness. I really just want Petrichor to be happy, I'm certain Vaughn will kill her off in some spectacular sacrificial way and I'm dreading getting to that point. Before we get there - happy! I just want Petrichor to finally have some happiness, however it comes. Whether that's with the Prince or someone else, please just give Petrichor a happy ending. If she has to leave the ship to settle on some distant world where nobody will bother her, SO BE IT. No backstory, or pre-series, no tragedy, no untimely deaths, no bad guys. Just happiness. 

I read this serially, so incorporate anything current (unless it's her death and then just pretend whatever events led up to it never happened).

Letter: http://thecolourclear.dreamwidth.org/394689.html


***

Request 1 by Findarato
刀剣乱舞 | Touken Ranbu 
Kashuu Kiyomitsu, Yamatonokami Yasusada (刀剣乱舞 | Touken Ranbu), Yamanbagiri Kunihiro (刀剣乱舞 | Touken Ranbu), Mikazuki Munechika (刀剣乱舞 | Touken Ranbu)

Please see letter for specifics.

Letter: http://aorasu.dreamwidth.org/2202.html


Request 2 by Findarato
Hakuouki 
Yamazaki Susumu (Hakuouki), Yukimura Chizuru, Hijikata Toshizou (Hakuouki)

Please see letter for specifics.

Letter: http://aorasu.dreamwidth.org/2202.html


Request 3 by Findarato
Katsugeki! Touken Ranbu (Anime) 
Horikawa Kunihiro (Katsugeki! Touken Ranbu (Anime)), Izuminokami Kanesada (Katsugeki! Touken Ranbu (Anime)), Mutsunokami Yoshiyuki (Katsugeki! Touken Ranbu)

Please see letter for specifics.

Letter: http://aorasu.dreamwidth.org/2202.html


***

Request 1 by finesharp
Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood 
Prince Tuesday (Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood), Mom Tiger (Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood), Elaine Fairchilde (Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood), Daniel S. Tiger (Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood)

Please no darkfic, but backstory, chewy meta, just something fun about how Mom and Dad Tiger met, whatever you think sounds good using any or all of the characters and as much or as little reference to Mr Rogers Neighborhood as you like.

Letter: http://finch.dreamwidth.org/2017/10/01/yuletide.html


Request 2 by finesharp
Doc McStuffins 
Dottie "Doc" McStuffins, April McStuffins

Again, worldbuilding and backstory are my jam. Crossovers with Toy Story, Calvin and Hobbes, or any other media you think appropriate are A-okay, and if you don't use both characters that's fine!

Letter: http://finch.dreamwidth.org/2017/10/01/yuletide.html


Request 3 by finesharp
Austin & Murry-O'Keefe Families - Madeleine L'Engle 
Alex Murry, Kate Murry

I just love them a lot. One of my literary OTPs. Have fun.

Letter: http://finch.dreamwidth.org/2017/10/01/yuletide.html


***

Request 1 by fingers2keys
The Good Place (TV) 
Trevor (The Good Place), Real Eleanor Shellstrop | Vicki

I'm not necessarily requesting a fic in which Trevor and Vicki are in a relationship (although that could be entertaining). I just hate/love these dirtbag demons and would love to see the dynamics among the Bad Place crew.

Letter: http://Fingers2keys.blogspot.com/2017/10/yuletide-prompt.html


Request 2 by fingers2keys
Station Eleven - Emily St. John Mandel 
Letter: http://Fingers2keys.blogspot.com/2017/10/yuletide-prompt.html


Request 3 by fingers2keys
Tricksters - Tamora Pierce 
Dovasary Balitang (Tricksters)
Letter: http://Fingers2keys.blogspot.com/2017/10/yuletide-prompt.html


Request 4 by fingers2keys
Fangirl - Rainbow Rowell 
Reagan (Fangirl)
Letter: http://Fingers2keys.blogspot.com/2017/10/yuletide-prompt.html


Request 5 by fingers2keys
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams 
Letter: http://Fingers2keys.blogspot.com/2017/10/yuletide-prompt.html


***

Request 1 by finkpishnets
The Fire's Stone - Tanya Huff 
Darvish (Fire's Stone), Chandra (Fire's Stone), Aaron (Fire's Stone)
Letter: http://finkpishnets.dreamwidth.org/585311.html


Request 2 by finkpishnets
Making Out - Katherine Applegate 
Benjamin Passmore, Jake McRoyan, Nina Geiger, Lucas Cabral
Letter: http://finkpishnets.dreamwidth.org/585311.html


Request 3 by finkpishnets
Whyborne and Griffin - Jordan L. Hawk 
Griffin Flaherty, Percival Whyborne, Christine Putnam, Iskander Barnett
Letter: http://finkpishnets.dreamwidth.org/585311.html


Request 4 by finkpishnets
A Charm of Magpies Series - K. J. Charles 
Stephen Day, Lucien Vaudrey, Ned Hall, Crispin Tredarloe
Letter: http://finkpishnets.dreamwidth.org/585311.html


Request 5 by finkpishnets
As the World Turns 
Luke Snyder, Reid Oliver
Letter: http://finkpishnets.dreamwidth.org/585311.html


***

Request 1 by FireEye
Kino no Tabi | Kino's Journey (2003 Anime) 
Kino (Kino no Tabi (Anime))

Kino's Journey is really something else.  The story of a wanderer and a motorrad, experiencing a life of freedom while witnessing other's stories.  And sometimes being the only ones left to remember them.  Anything from a standard visit through a Country and its local practices and idiosyncrasies like in the anime, to introspection on the road, to what it means to be a traveler.  Anything that captures the beauty of the Journey.

Letter: http://fireeye.dreamwidth.org/


Request 2 by FireEye
Final Fantasy Tactics 
Agrias Oaks, Mustadio Bunansa

So I love Agrias.  I love her a lot.  I ship her with Mustadio.  Damn fond of him, too.  You don't have to, of course - whether it be friends, comrades in arms, or romantic, I'd love some interaction together between them.  Anything building on them together through the events of the game, or whatever came after.  Downtime in the camps between battlefields, a quiet moment of friendship (or more), a battle gone awry, life (or death) in exile.  Clashes of ideologies between backgrounds, tradition, progress, technology.  Really, I'm good with any direction you want to go.  And for the record, I also love Agrias and Ovelia (romantic, friendship, fealty) and would take anything involving them, if you prefer.

Letter: http://fireeye.dreamwidth.org/


Request 3 by FireEye
Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego? (Video Game) 
Carmen Sandiego (Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego? (Video Game))

Carmen Sandiego was one of my childhood heroes.  On that level, give me a classical Carmen Caper.  Or if you prefer, perhaps a day in the life of the genius criminal mastermind who steals geographical treasures?  Carmen hijinks, that's all I ask.  (Bonus for a Cross-Media Cameo: Rockapella.)

Letter: http://fireeye.dreamwidth.org/


Request 4 by FireEye
Saints Row 
Female Boss (Saints Row), Johnny Gat

For being two crazy off the wall partners in crime, I love the depth these two share with one another.  And sometimes only one another.  Whether you write them as platonic best friends in murder crime or take the scenic romantic route, the history is there, and it's amazing.  You don't have to include her, but I also love Aisha, and how she and Gat love each other (to many, many faults), and how she and the Boss get along (especially playing a female Boss, their friendship might not be front and center, but comes across as so beautifully strong in the games.)  I wouldn't object to mutual OT3 shenanigans, if you were open to.  But yeah, the Boss and Johnny: on the job spilling blood and raising hell, quiet(er) hours between friends, patching up wounds, kissing, platonic hugging, slugging it out, anything you want to throw at me.  And let me note, I love custom characters: don't be afraid to show me *your* Boss, and her relationship with Gat, however it may play out.  (Please note: as I haven't played Agents of Mayhem, I'd rather you stick to the original Saints Row universe/continuity as it were.)

Letter: http://fireeye.dreamwidth.org/


***

Request 1 by fireinthedark
16 Ways to Kill a Vampire at McDonalds (Video Game) 
Claire (16 Ways to Kill a Vampire at McDonalds), Lucy (16 Ways to Kill a Vampire at McDonalds)

DNW: Incest, underage, child abuse, characters who are not canonically related being related, transphobia, dysphoria.

Do Want: anything else! From gen (I like friendship fic and worldbuilding) to porn (I like femdom).

I ship it! My favourite ending is the one where Claire sets off after Luci &amp; crew to track them down and figure out what happened, because it gives her the opportunities to learn skills that none of the others have (gotta have a balanced party, lol). Lucy is really cool! And I'd love for to get some fast food without vampires interfering. I like Maggie more than Luke.

Letter: http://fire-in-the-dark.dreamwidth.org/3043.html


Request 2 by fireinthedark
Demon Knights 
Al Jabr (Demon Knights), Horsewoman (Demon Knights), Sir Ystin | Shining Knight (Demon Knights)

DNW: Incest, underage, child abuse, characters who are not canonically related being related, transphobia, dysphoria.

Do Want: anything else! From gen (I like friendship fic and worldbuilding) to porn (I like femdom).

Post-canon fic of the three of them, separately or together! An adventure, or a reunion after a long separation. (The Grail totally made Al Jabr immortal.) Or fic set in the hiatus. Or before canon. Or in the very far future, in space. Maybe they run afoul of some timetravellers.

Letter: http://fire-in-the-dark.dreamwidth.org/3043.html


Request 3 by fireinthedark
High Noon Over Camelot - The Mechanisms (Album) 
Mordred (High Noon Over Camelot), Gawain (High Noon Over Camelot)

DNW: Incest, underage, child abuse, characters who are not canonically related being related, transphobia, dysphoria.

Do Want: anything else! From gen (I like friendship fic and worldbuilding) to porn (I like femdom).

I ship it. Maybe a story about how Mordred convinced Gawain to talk to the Saxons or a fic set in the AU where no one dies. In which case, I would like this to be canon-divergent AU from what we hear in the album, not an AU where they live in the modern world. Please don't make them related.

(Note: You can listen to the album here for free: https://themechanisms.bandcamp.com/album/high-noon-over-camelot)

Letter: http://fire-in-the-dark.dreamwidth.org/3043.html


Request 4 by fireinthedark
Loki: Agent of Asgard 
Verity Willis (Loki: Agent of Asgard)

DNW: Incest, underage, child abuse, characters who are not canonically related being related, transphobia, dysphoria.

Do Want: anything else! From gen (I like friendship fic and worldbuilding) to porn (I like femdom).

More Verity+Valeria and/or Verity+Loki! Or Verity/Doom (hey, remember what I said about femdom? Yeah). Any kind of post-canon adventures would be great, but I'd rather Verity not be a ghost. Verity/Loki is fine with me as long as it's fem!Loki. Maybe Verity and Valeria get ice cream.

Letter: http://fire-in-the-dark.dreamwidth.org/3043.html


Request 5 by fireinthedark
Look What You Made Me Do - Taylor Swift (Music Video) 
Snake Queen Taylor Swift (LWYMMD)

DNW: Incest, underage, child abuse, characters who are not canonically related being related, transphobia, dysphoria.

Do Want: anything else! From gen (I like friendship fic and worldbuilding) to porn (I like femdom).
No selfcest, please. Shipping the various Taylors is fine, as long as they're different people. Aside from that, you can interpret them as all different people or all the same person or a combination (maybe there's only two of them and the song is about their relationship, idk). The lyrics over the Snake Queen part are my favourite and it's also my favourite section, esthetically. "Et tu Brute" engravings! I like the "trust nobody" section as well.

Letter: http://fire-in-the-dark.dreamwidth.org/3043.html


Request 6 by fireinthedark
Roundtable Rival - Lindsey Stirling (Music Video) 
The Violinist (Roundtable Rival), Durango Black

DNW: Incest, underage, child abuse, characters who are not canonically related being related, transphobia, dysphoria.

Do Want: anything else! From gen (I like friendship fic and worldbuilding) to porn (I like femdom).

I ship this. I like the cop/thief dynamic. That said I am also totally game for F/F(/F), if that's more your bag. Exploration of dance as magic would also be cool. Basically more of the Violonist and Durango Black chasing each other around.

(Note: You see the music video here for free: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvipPYFebWc)

Letter: http://fire-in-the-dark.dreamwidth.org/3043.html


***

Request 1 by firstbreaths
The Princess Diaries - Meg Cabot 
Mia Thermopolis (Princess Diaries - Cabot), Michael Moscovitz (Princess Diaries - Cabot)

Dislikes: power imbalances in pairings (eg teacher/student), infidelity, rape/non-con, non-canonical character death. I’m happy to receive any rating, but I like my porn in context (what does sex mean for these characters at this point in their lives and their relationships? what’s motivating their actions?), so I’d love it if you could keep that in mind if you’re planning on writing pwp.

Letter: http://firstbreathsfic.livejournal.com/23800.html


Request 2 by firstbreaths
A Series of Unfortunate Events - Lemony Snicket 
Violet Baudelaire (ASoUE - Lemony Snicket), Quigley Quagmire (ASoUE - Lemony Snicket)

Dislikes: power imbalances in pairings (eg teacher/student), infidelity, rape/non-con, non-canonical character death, first person narration. I’m happy to receive any rating, but I like my porn in context (what does sex mean for these characters at this point in their lives and their relationships? what’s motivating their actions?), so I’d love it if you could keep that in mind if you’re planning on writing pwp.

Letter: http://firstbreathsfic.livejournal.com/23800.html


Request 3 by firstbreaths
Six of Crows Series - Leigh Bardugo 
Wylan Van Eck, Jesper Fahey, Matthias Helvar

Dislikes: power imbalances in pairings (eg teacher/student), infidelity, rape/non-con, non-canonical character death, first person narration. I’m happy to receive any rating, but I like my porn in context (what does sex mean for these characters at this point in their lives and their relationships? what’s motivating their actions?), so I’d love it if you could keep that in mind if you’re planning on writing pwp.

I'm happy to receive either a Wylan/Jesper fic or a Matthias fic (see my prompts for more details).

Letter: http://firstbreathsfic.livejournal.com/23800.html


Request 4 by firstbreaths
The Good Fight (TV) 
Maia Rindell (The Good Fight), Amy Breslin (The Good Fight), Diane Lockhart (The Good Fight)

Dislikes: power imbalances in pairings (eg teacher/student), infidelity, rape/non-con, non-canonical character death, first person narration. I’m happy to receive any rating, but I like my porn in context (what does sex mean for these characters at this point in their lives and their relationships? what’s motivating their actions?), so I’d love it if you could keep that in mind if you’re planning on writing pwp.

Letter: http://firstbreathsfic.livejournal.com/23800.html


Request 5 by firstbreaths
Greek (TV) 
Cappie (Greek), Casey Cartwright

Dislikes: power imbalances in pairings (eg teacher/student), infidelity, rape/non-con, non-canonical character death, first person narration. I’m happy to receive any rating, but I like my porn in context (what does sex mean for these characters at this point in their lives and their relationships? what’s motivating their actions?), so I’d love it if you could keep that in mind if you’re planning on writing pwp.

Letter: http://firstbreathsfic.livejournal.com/23800.html


Request 6 by firstbreaths
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend (TV) 

Dislikes: power imbalances in pairings (eg teacher/student), infidelity, rape/non-con, non-canonical character death, first person narration. I’m happy to receive any rating, but I like my porn in context (what does sex mean for these characters at this point in their lives and their relationships? what’s motivating their actions?), so I’d love it if you could keep that in mind if you’re planning on writing pwp.

Letter: http://firstbreathsfic.livejournal.com/23800.html


***

Request 1 by firth
Dunkirk (2017) 
Gibson (Dunkirk), Tommy (Dunkirk)

Check my letter for prompts!

♥ General Wants: Canon Divergence, Identity Porn, Fix-It, H/C, Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms, Possessive Behavior, D/S, Soulbonds, Life Affirming Sex, Accidental Dating, Power Imbalance, Dubcon

✖ DNW: 1st/2nd POV, unrequested ships, death of requested characters, Alex as anything more than a passing character. 

If you want to write ensemble!fic, I also ship Collins/Farrier, Collins/Peter, Peter /George, Shivering Soldier/Peter(/George), and Shivering Soldier/Collins.

Letter: http://wahaha.dreamwidth.org/271.html


Request 2 by firth
The Outsiders (1983) 
Sodapop Curtis (The Outsiders (1983)), Ponyboy Curtis (The Outsiders (1983)), Darrel Curtis (The Outsiders (1983))

Check my letter for prompts!

♥ General Wants: Incest, Loyalty, Domesticity, Power Imbalance, Codependency, H/C, Cuddlesluts/Puppypiles, Underage, Age Gaps, Learning Things Together, Tactlessness, Athleticism/Roughhousing, Accidental Dating, Shenanigans, Threesomes

✖ DNW: 1st/2nd POV, noncon, unrequested ships.

Don’t feel obligated to use all 3 if you don’t want to!

Letter: http://wahaha.dreamwidth.org/271.html


Request 3 by firth
Iceman (2017 Comics) 
Bobby Drake (Iceman Comics), Johnny Storm (Iceman), Daken Akihiro (Iceman)

Check my letter for prompts!

♥ General Wants: Identity Porn, Enemies to Lovers, Friends to Lovers, Made Them Do It, Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms, Unhealthy Relationships, Dubcon, Selfcest, Threesomes

✖ DNW: Lots of angst dealing with sexuality, 1st/2nd POV, noncon.

Don’t feel obligated to use all 3 if you don’t want to! Do insert Young Bobby if you want to!

Letter: http://wahaha.dreamwidth.org/271.html


***

Request 1 by fjalamoth
Black Closet (Video Game) 
Elsa Gabrielle Jackson (Black Closet), Asami Yvonne "Vonne" Ito (Black Closet)

Okay so first off I love this game. A lot. I love how you can play Elsa as anything from ruthless but moral to outright Machiavellian. I love how it’s so gay. I love all the cases and wish the game had even more of them.   

I ship Elsa with pretty much everyone other than Althea but Elsa/Vonne is definitely my favorite route and that’s why I chose to request these two characters. One of the appeals of Elsa/Vonne is Vonne’s loyalty to Elsa; I’ve shipped villain/right hand (wo)man ships forever and even though Elsa isn’t really a villain they kind of have a similar dynamic. My Elsa/Vonne playthrough had Vonne as the traitor and that crisis just made her later loyalty feel even stronger. That girl would kill for Elsa - or perhaps help her dispose of the body. They have such a strong bond with so much history and it kills me in a good way how Vonne has been pining for Elsa all this time and Elsa just hasn’t noticed (and also hasn’t realized that she feels the same way).

Possible ideas for a story:

    *The school is haunted! A ghost has been sighted roaming the corridors in the middle of the night and it’s up to the student council to deal with it. Of course this is a great opportunity for Elsa and Vonne to bond. Up to you whether or not there really is a ghost or if there’s a more mundane explanation.
*Smut. Have Vonne call Elsa “Captain” in bed. Have them have sex when sneaking into someone’s room or during stake outs (I know Elsa doesn’t normally go on those but she wants to hang out with Vonne). Have Elsa bend Vonne over her desk. Have Vonne bend Elsa over that desk - role reversal can be hot too and maybe Elsa likes being the one not in charge every once in a while.
*We saw Elsa and Vonne get together in the game, but what if it had happened differently? I love the moment when a relationship really turns into a romance, so I’d love to see it happening again in an alternate way.
*Hurt/comfort with Vonne comforting Elsa. Elsa is usually so cool and collected, when she falls apart for once Vonne is there to comfort her (and make sure that nobody else has to find out about it because Vonne is the only one Elsa feels comfortable being vulnerable around).  

Things I’d rather not read in this fandom: noncon, AUs that completely change the setting(coffeeshop AUs, A/B/O, mundane AUs…), asexuality headcanons, crossovers

Letter: http://fjalamoth.tumblr.com/post/166196783432/yuletide-letter-2017


Request 2 by fjalamoth
Dòu Máah Dáan | Peking Opera Blues (1986) 
Bàahk Nāu | 白妞 | Bai Niu, Cou Wan | Tsao Wan

This movie is such a gem. Crossdressing, wacky hijinks, a beautiful soundtrack, what’s not to love? I’m especially fond of every scene Tsao Wan shares with Bai Niu or Sheung Hung. While I would be more than happy with gen, I ship Tsao Wan/Bai Niu quite a lot. That one scene, where Tsao Wan comforts Bai Niu outside the theater and it starts snowing while beautiful music is playing, was incredibly romantic to me. (Please don’t pair either of them with any of the men.)

Possible ideas for a story:

    *The scene I mentioned above as very romantic eventually concludes with Sheung Hung getting kicked out of the theater and all three of them going to Tsao Wan’s place to warm up and drink. What if things happened a bit differently and Tsao Wan and Bai Niu ended up drinking together just the two of them?
*Tsao Wan’s wounds from the whipping looked pretty gruesome. I’d love some h/c with Bai Niu tending to them. If you want to, feel free to have Sheung Hung helping as well.
*Reunion fic! How do all the characters meet up again?
*Tsao Wan gets disillusioned with politics and temporarily joins Bai Niu’s theatre company. Hijinks ensue.

    (A brief note on the names and romanizations: There are a number of ways to romanize the names of these characters, and there are some differences between the Cantonese/Mandarin versions. For clarity’s sake I’ve used ones that AO3 uses, but if you want to use a different spelling feel free, I won’t be confused. I’d prefer if you didn’t call Bai Niu “Pat Neil” though, I’ve never understood why some subtitles call her that…)

    Things I’d rather not read in this fandom: noncon, AUs that completely change the setting(coffeeshop AUs, A/B/O, mundane AUs…), asexuality headcanons, crossovers

Letter: http://fjalamoth.tumblr.com/post/166196783432/yuletide-letter-2017


Request 3 by fjalamoth
Wheel of Time - Robert Jordan 
Rand al'Thor, Asmodean (Wheel of Time)

The Wheel of Time is one of those nostalgic book series that I first read when I was very young and that I find myself returning to regularly. I’ve never quite gotten over Asmodean getting killed off so offhandedly in Fires of Heaven. His and Rand’s interactions were my some of my favourite, and I adored the whole set up of him teaming up with Rand and becoming this morally grey mentor figure for a short while. So, I want fixit fic! I ship Asmodean/Rand a lot but would be totally happy with gen too, their dynamic’s interesting no matter what. Please don’t pair Asmodean together with anyone else though (mentions of Rand’s canonical romantic entanglements are fine, as long as they’re not the focus) . Feel free to diverge wildly from the canon from the point of when Asmodean’s death happens in the books, you don’t need to fit it into later canon!

    Possible ideas for a story:

    *Someone finds out Asmodean’s true identity. What’s the fallout?
*Hurt/comfort, up to you who’s comforting whom.
*Rand doubts Asmodean’s loyalty, and Asmodean is having an identity crisis.
*Outsider POV: how do Rand and Asmodean appear to others? Alternatively, Rand tries to explain his relationship with Asmodean to someone else in a way that won’t make them think that he’s going completely mad.
*Rand has to repeat the day Asmodean dies over and over again until he gets it right, Groundhog Day style. I’m ridiculously fond of time loops as a trope!

    Things I’d rather not read in this fandom: noncon, AUs that completely change the setting(coffeeshop AUs, A/B/O, mundane AUs…), asexuality headcanons, crossovers

Letter: http://fjalamoth.tumblr.com/post/166196783432/yuletide-letter-2017


***

Request 1 by Flammenkobold
The Magnus Archives (Podcast) 

no death fic, hopeful ending preferred

Otherwise feel free to go wild, for the Magnus Archives I'd read basically anything and am very non-judgemental. That fluff fic idea that you have stuck in your head but think is too sweet for this fandom? Gimme! That odd kink fic you always wanted to write? Throw it at me! That one crack fic laying dormant in your mind for months? Yes, please! That one ship you think no one else ships?  I'm on board! 
Honestly anything is okay. The only thing I'd request is, that even if you go all out dark and angsty, there is still a sliver of hope at the end of the fic, as I suspect we'll have more than enough hopelessness coming our way in canon.
If you could throw a certain angry goth or the spiders in there somewhere I'd be delighted, but you don't have to. I do have a weak spot for all the assistants and any combination thereof, but also for Basira Hussein; Elias is delightfully ruthless/manipulative and I always love to see more of that too (especially if it, say, involved him manipulating Martin). But in the end? Write whatever you like best!


Request 2 by Flammenkobold
The Penumbra Podcast 
Ramses O'Flaherty, Juno Steel, Rilla (Penumbra Podcast), Lord Arum (Penumbra Podcast)

no death fic, hopeful ending preferred, Either Second Citadel or Juno Steel story based. 

Would actually love to see a story based on Ramses in which he might be of dubious character but ultimately has good intentions, introspection fic would be greatly appreciated as well as an exploration of his and Juno's relationship (but please do not have them be actually related or have Ramses view Juno as a son). Ramses accidentally adopting Yasmin Swifts daughter and complaining all the way that he never wanted a child, would also be delightful, especially if Juno gets roped in as the weird uncle. 
As for Second Citadel I would like to see more about Rilla and her possible dynamic with Lord Arum, without the focus being on their love for Sir Damien.


Request 3 by Flammenkobold
Psychonauts 
Lili Zanotto, Sasha Nein, Milla Vodello, Razputin Aquato

no death fic, hopeful ending preferred, not all characters listed are required except for Lili Zanotto.

While in my heart I will always be a Lili/Raz shipper and you can't go wrong with this, I would like to see something friendship based and especially Lili's interactions with other agents once she is grown up. Or Lili on her way to become the next Grant Head, something she never thought of aiming for as a child, but as an adult decides that this is actually a job for her, despite all the baggage it brings with it and the doubts others might have. Another idea I had rattling around my brain for some time was Lili deciding that the world really doesn't need the Psychonauts anymore and becoming a 'villain'. Basically anything Lili centric would be absolutely great.


***

Request 1 by FleetSparrow
Foyle's War 
Rex Talbot, Andrew Foyle

DO NOT WANT:  Pregnancy, Death, Sadfic, super heavy kink.

Letter: http://fleetsparrow.dreamwidth.org/3436.html


Request 2 by FleetSparrow
Grayson (Comics) 
Dick Grayson (Grayson (Comics)), Helena Bertinelli (Grayson (Comics))

DO NOT WANT:  Pregnancy, Death, Sadfic, super heavy kink.

Letter: http://fleetsparrow.dreamwidth.org/3436.html


Request 3 by FleetSparrow
Scooby Doo Where Are You! (TV 1969) 
Daphne Blake (Scooby Doo 1969), Fred Jones (Scooby Doo 1969), Norville "Shaggy" Rogers (Scooby Doo 1969), Velma Dinkley (Scooby Doo 1969)

DO NOT WANT:  Pregnancy, Death, Sadfic, super heavy kink.

Letter: http://fleetsparrow.dreamwidth.org/3436.html


Request 4 by FleetSparrow
Boggy Creek II: And the Legend Continues (1984) 
Tanya Yazzie, Leslie Ann Walker

DO NOT WANT:  Pregnancy, Death, Sadfic, super heavy kink.

Letter: http://fleetsparrow.dreamwidth.org/3436.html


Request 5 by FleetSparrow
The Hitman's Bodyguard (2017) 
Darius Kincaid, Michael Bryce, Sonia Kincaid, Amelia Roussel

DO NOT WANT:  Pregnancy, Death, Sadfic, super heavy kink.

Letter: http://fleetsparrow.dreamwidth.org/3436.html


Request 6 by FleetSparrow
1776 (1972) 
John Adams (1776), Abigail Adams (1776)

DO NOT WANT:  Pregnancy, Death, Sadfic, super heavy kink.

Letter: http://fleetsparrow.dreamwidth.org/3436.html


***

Request 1 by fleurlb
The Big C (TV) 
Cathy Jamison, Sean Tolkey, Adam Jamison, Andrea Jackson

Any character -  I love these people, and I just want more stories about them. I love how awkward and sarcastic Adam is. I love the way Cathy and Sean are such siblings. I love how Andrea is so comfortable in her own skin. Anything post-Cathy would be very appreciated. I wonder how they go on without her. 

I'd love a cross-over with S1 FNL in which the Jamisons move to Dillon (maybe for another clinical trial), and Eric recruits Adam for the football team, maybe as a kicker. Alternatively, a little darker AU in which both of Adam's parents die and Sean becomes his guardian and they go hobo-style on the road, ending up in Dillon. Or, for a Sons of Anarchy cross-over, I can totally see S1 Cathy going to California for some 'live your life' moment and running into S1 Jax.

Letter: http://fleurlb.dreamwidth.org/73402.html


Request 2 by fleurlb
Bill Hodges Trilogy - Stephen King 
Kermit William "Bill" Hodges, Jerome Robinson, Holly Gibney

- I am so fascinated by the relationship that Bill and Holly have. I'd love to see them having fun, taking on a case, whatever. How does Bill prepare Holly for the events at the end of End of Watch? How does Jerome help Holly from becoming overwhelmed, or maybe Holly just needs help feeling her feelings. Or, you know, stay away from the sad stuff and go lighter. Maybe Holly has a movie night where she tries to get Bill into the 21st century. (No need to include all three characters if it doesn't suit your story.)

Letter: http://fleurlb.dreamwidth.org/73402.html


Request 3 by fleurlb
Fargo (TV) 
Gloria Burgle (Fargo TV), Molly Solverson (Fargo TV), Nikki Swango (Fargo TV), Winnie Lopez (Fargo TV)

I just want to see Winnie, Gloria, and Molly solving crimes and being awesome together. I don't care how it happens. And I will love you forever if you manage to get Grace from Saving Grace involved. Alternatively, I'd love a back story for any of the characters. Or a crazy BFF adventure with Winnie and Gloria. Or the story of how Gloria helps Winnie after her husband finally knocks her up. Or maybe Winnie and Molly meet in a toddler playgroup or something and suspect one of the other mothers of something and then hijinks ensue. Once agin, no need to include all 4 characters if it doesn't suit you.

Letter: http://fleurlb.dreamwidth.org/73402.html


Request 4 by fleurlb
Saving Grace (TV) 
Grace Hanadarko, Rhetta Rodriguez, Ham Dewey, Butch Ada

I always shipped Grace and Ham, particularly self-destructive!Grace and emo-caring-but-still-super-sexy-Ham. (And how about when the tables were reversed when Ham went off the rails?) I suppose my number 1 wish for this fandom would be an AU where things end differently. Back stories are awesome. Would love a glimpse into the life of Rhetta and Grace when they were teenagers. Would also enjoy anything that resembled the teamy goodness of casefic and bonus points if it involved pranks. :)

Letter: http://fleurlb.dreamwidth.org/73402.html


Request 5 by fleurlb
Happy Valley (TV) 
Ann Gallagher, Catherine Cawood, Clare Cartwright, Joyce (Happy Valley)

Holy cow. I only stumbled across this program recently on Netflix, and I was a little reluctant to watch it but I remembered hearing good things about it. I *loved* it so much. Catherine is the kick-ass awesome woman of my dreams. She doesn't always get it right, but she tries so hard. She is the epitome of "be brave and be kind". I've only watched 3.25 episodes, but I'm in love. In fact, I've edited my sign-up to add it. I'd love to see a story where Catherine mentors and mothers Ann. I love the relationship with her sister Clare and would love to see more of them together, raising Ryan and being there for each other. I also love the relationship with Joyce - would love to see some backstory from back in the day. Or I'd like a crossover that sends Catherine to the US to get training, where she meets Winnie Lopez and Gloria Burgle from Fargo and they start to investigate something suspicious at the hotel. Or something. Back story, front story, contemporary story - I am happy with whatever as long as there is more Catherine. (And, as with other requests, no need to include all selected characters.)

Letter: http://fleurlb.dreamwidth.org/73402.html


***

Request 1 by flew_here_on_a_bus
The Magicians (TV) 
Julia Wicker (The Magicians (TV)), Kady Orloff-Diaz (The Magicians (TV))
Letter: http://smudgythoughts.livejournal.com/589.html


Request 2 by flew_here_on_a_bus
The Defenders (Marvel TV) 
Trish Walker (The Defenders (Marvel TV)), Jessica Jones (The Defenders (Marvel TV))
Letter: http://smudgythoughts.livejournal.com/589.html


Request 3 by flew_here_on_a_bus
The Good Place (TV) 
Eleanor Shellstrop, Tahani Al-Jamil, Janet (The Good Place)
Letter: http://smudgythoughts.livejournal.com/589.html


***

Request 1 by flipflop_diva
Passengers (2016) 
Jim Preston, Aurora Lane

Despite the problematic foundation of their relationship in this movie, I really do love the idea of the movie and all the potential it has. I'm super curious about their lives between the time the movie ends and the others wake up. I'd love to see just some various moments throughout the years.

I also really love AUs for this fandom — what if Aurora was the one who woke up first? What if they both woke up thanks to faulty pods (either at the same time or different)? What if nothing went wrong and they woke up when they were supposed to? Would they meet on the ship or later on the new planet? What would their lives be like?

I also am fine if you want to concentrate on just one of them and perhaps give some backstory. This was a huge decision to make, to give up their lives, so I'd love to know the thought process behind that and what led to it.

Also, I didn't request Arthur or Gus, but I love them both, so feel free to include them. A fic from Arthur's POV could be fun if that's something you'd be interested in.

Letter: http://into-the-angst.livejournal.com/25549.html


Request 2 by flipflop_diva
Salvation (TV) 
Darius Tanz, Grace Barrows

So I'm only about halfway through this (I found it a bit late into the season so I'm still working on finishing it), but omg I ship Darius/Grace so incredibly hard already. Plus I love the whole concept of them having to work together to literally save the world.

I will try to add prompts to my letter when I've finished watching all of it, but I would love any fic about their relationship — canon, canon divergent, missing moments, PWP, anything. Or if you prefer them not as a couple, I'm good with them being friends and just learning to get along.

Feel free to include any of the other characters, too. I also like adventure fics or maybe a fic with another crisis that they all have to work together to avert.

Letter: http://into-the-angst.livejournal.com/25549.html


Request 3 by flipflop_diva
Rough Night (2017) 
Jess (Rough Night 2017)

I was a little worried this movie was going to be a female Weekend at Bernie's, but I actually thought it was really cute, and I really want more. Especially pre-canon. I adore femslash, so college experimentation with Frankie and/or Blair would be fun (or in Australia with Pippa). Or maybe just another girls' weekend without as many crazy hijinks.

I'd also really enjoy a story of their friendship through the years —&nbsp;the good and the bad — from college to even years post-canon. Or I also like Peter, so a fic of Jess and Peter's relationship would be cute too.

Letter: http://into-the-angst.livejournal.com/25549.html


Request 4 by flipflop_diva
Legally Blonde (2001) 
Vivian Kensington (Legally Blonde (2001)), Elle Woods (Legally Blonde (2001))

This is still one of my very favorite movies. I adore Elle, and I love the understanding she and Vivian come to at the end. I would love a post-canon fic (from the end of the first movie) of the relationship between the two of them. I ship them together but I'm also good with just friendship if that's more your thing. I'd love to see them solving cases together and realizing how much they care for each other. Or maybe it's years later and they meet up again after going their separate ways long before.

Letter: http://into-the-angst.livejournal.com/25549.html


***

Request 1 by florahart
Designated Survivor (TV) 
Alex Kirkman, Emily Rhodes, Kimble Hookstraten, Tom Kirkman

I like Tom Kirkman, but more than that I find I like the women who manage his life in various ways, from the wife who never expected this life to the learning-on-the-job staff to Kimble, who clearly knows how all the games are played.  I don't know what I actually want, plotwise, but I would like these women, and others as you like, to play big parts.

What I like about the show is ...okay, it's no West Wing, but some of the same features, like a president driven by ethics surrounded by a complex family of staff that sometimes fuck up, exist.  A president that even HAS ethics is, to me, a thing I miss deeply IRL, so.

(if you are so moved and you want to engineer a scenario where Kirkman et al get advice from Hillary, I am down).

Generally speaking, I like porn, so if you want there to be sex in this story that's fine, but probably these people are not all ACTUALLY in bed together?  But I mean, that could be ones of the arenas in which discussion happens.

Letter: http://florahart.dreamwidth.org/tag/yuletide


Request 2 by florahart
The Orville (TV) 
Claire Finn, Alara Kitan, Kelly Grayson, Klyden (The Orville)

So, what if the Orville crew had been successful in staving off the gender-swap operation for Bortus and Klyden's child?  I want the story of Klyden talking to the women of the ship about being women and girls, not necessarily how to mother since as far as I know none of them are mothers, but more how to best foster a girl, like conversations about different girlhoods, because he has a warped idea about what the difference might be.

Generally speaking, I like porn, so if you want there to be sex in this story that's fine, but probably not among all these characters together.

Letter: http://florahart.dreamwidth.org/tag/yuletide


Request 3 by florahart
Wonder Woman (2017) 
Charlie (Wonder Woman 2017), Etta Candy (Wonder Woman 2017), Diana Prince (Wonder Woman 2017)

Who is Charlie, after Diana defeats Ares?  Is he able to gain some peace?  Is he able to help Diana adapt to the world, along with Etta?  Also, who is Etta without Steve (to be clear, I didn't find her to lack dimension in the first place).  I'm thinking about Etta, who is enormously non-nonsense and effective, and Charlie, who may not see himself as valuable, being the framework in which Diana learns more about how the world of men works.

Generally speaking, I like porn, so if you want there to be sex in this story that's fine (comfort sex could be a thing!) but it's totally fine not to go there, too.

Letter: http://florahart.dreamwidth.org/tag/yuletide


Request 4 by florahart
Climate Change (Anthropomorfic) 
Wildfires (Anthropomorfic), Polar Ice Caps (Anthropomorfic), Hurricanes (Anthropomorfic), Greenhouse Gas (Anthropomorfic)

I nominated this because damn, weather, why you gotta, but I also want to say if you're doing this one please avoid cheapening the disasters in Puerto Rico, the Caribbean in general, the parts of the US where wildfires cause so much (arguably ecologically-positive) stress each year, and so on.  But I mean, the Wildfire and Hurricane clans are getting more populous and bigger; the Greenhouse Gas clan is experiencing serious overcrowding, and the Polar Ice Cap clan is fretting about extinction?  Or something else in which these are characters.  You can, of course, add the disruptive Early Locusts, a character I didn't have room for in the nomination, and/or Rising Sea Level, that asshole hotshot Record Heat Wave, Ice Age, or anyone else that seems like zie deserves a cameo.

Generally speaking, I like porn, so if you want there to be sex in this story I applaud your spirit as I don't know how that's going to work, but I will read it, especially if it's funny.

Letter: http://florahart.dreamwidth.org/tag/yuletide


Request 5 by florahart
Calvin & Hobbes 
Calvin (Calvin and Hobbes), Calvin's Mother (Calvin and Hobbes)

Long ago, before I had kids (who are now adults -- it's been a minute) I knew I wanted my kid to BE Calvin.  Calvin's parents, in the comic which of course is from Calvin's point of view, are portrayed as sort of long-suffering roadblocks to his creativity, and like, as a mom, I KNOW WHY THEY WOULD BE AUGH, but also I have this idea that Calvin's mother (and father, but that's not an offered character here) probably both fostered and loves Calvin's wild ideafountain.  

I'm thinking about for example, maybe this is Calvin's mom talking to his partner (who can be Susie, or can be, like, Jacob or Harumi who moved to town in eighth grade or some other person we haven't met) about what happened when Calvin was 2 that led to him being Like This.  Or, just reflections from her, or her telling him (partnered or not) stories about his toddlerhood when he's dealing with his own kid that is a huge handful (or his kid that is NOTHING like him, that he wants to nurture as she did him.  This could go a lot of ways, but anyway: wherein Calvin's mom is a huge part of who Calvin is.

Generally speaking, I like porn, but maybe not between Calvin and his mom.  Like, Calvin's mom and dad?  Sure.  Calvin and his partner?  Sure.  Calvin and his mom?  Please don't.

Letter: http://florahart.dreamwidth.org/tag/yuletide


***

Request 1 by Floranna
W.I.T.C.H. (Comics) 
Orube | Rebecca Rudolph (W.I.T.C.H. Comics), Cedric (W.I.T.C.H Comics)
Letter: http://floranna.livejournal.com/60829.html


Request 2 by Floranna
Everworld Series - K. A. Applegate 
Jalil Sherman (Everworld), Senna Wales (Everworld), April O'Brien (Everworld)
Letter: http://floranna.livejournal.com/60829.html


Request 3 by Floranna
Engelsforstrilogin | The Engelsfors Trilogy - Mats Strandberg & Sara Bergmark Elfgren 
Minoo Falk Karimi, Anna-Karin Nieminen
Letter: http://floranna.livejournal.com/60829.html


Request 4 by Floranna
Elfquest 
Rayek (Elfquest), Sherla (Elfquest)
Letter: http://floranna.livejournal.com/60829.html


Request 5 by Floranna
Houkago no Charisma | Afterschool Charisma 
Kuroe, Shiro Kamiya, Dr. Kamiya
Letter: http://floranna.livejournal.com/60829.html


Request 6 by Floranna
Forgotten Realms: Songs and Swords - Elaine Cunningham 
Danilo Thann (Forgotten Realms - Cunningham), Elaith Craulnober (Forgotten Realms - Cunningham), Arilyn Moonblade (Forgotten Realms - Cunningham)
Letter: http://floranna.livejournal.com/60829.html


***

Request 1 by florencedrunk
I Medici | Medici: Masters of Florence (TV) 
Cosimo de Medici (I Medici), Contessina de Bardi (I Medici)

As long as you stay out of rape/dubcon, I'm good with literally anything -- any rating, any setting, any style.

If you want prompts:

 - The dome of Santa Maria del Fiore is finally complete, and for the first time in what feels like forever, Contessina and Cosimo are at peace.

 - Lorenzo is being born, and Cosimo reflects upon his past and the future of his family, finally realising all that Contessina has done for him.

 - First meeting, but with the roles reversed.

 - Contessina and Cosimo end up in contemporary Florence, and a LOT of things have changed.


Request 2 by florencedrunk
Penny Dreadful (TV) 

As long as you stay out of rape/dubcon, I'm good with literally anything -- any rating, any setting, any style.

If you want prompts:

 - Is Hecate really Evelyn's daughter, perhaps born from some unholy union? Or did Evelyn found her on the streets? Did she steal her from a family she murdered?

 - Joan reveals that she has met Vanessa before...

 - Brona and Ethan meet, but he recognises her.

 - Something set in the far future where they're all happy and doing incredibly mundane stuff like playing cards or having breakfast.


Request 3 by florencedrunk
American Gods (TV) 
Salim (American Gods (TV)), The Jinn | Ifrit (American Gods (TV))

As long as you stay out of rape/dubcon, I'm good with literally anything -- any rating, any setting, any style.

Show me what happens when they meet again, or maybe their life five/ten/twenty years in the future. Or show me something completely different. My only request for this is for it to be happy, or at least to have a happy ending (but I could settle for bittersweet).


Request 4 by florencedrunk
X Company (TV) 
Neil Mackay, Harry James (X Company)

As long as you stay out of rape/dubcon, I'm good with literally anything -- any rating, any setting, any style.

I like them both as a couple or as just friends, both in the middle of the war or in a different setting/time.

I'd love something where Neil is teaching something physical to Harry — anything from playing pool to killing a man — and in return Harry shows him his newest gadget or how to blow up a bridge or something.


***

Request 1 by florianschild
Twenty Planets - Carolyn Ives Gilman 
Tedla Galele

Do Not Wants: Modern AU, Coffeeshop AU, RPF, Crossover, OCs, PWP, second-person narration, A/B/O, Crackfic, Character bashing (especially requested characters, they are my bbs)

Letter: http://florianschild.dreamwidth.org/33496.html


Request 2 by florianschild
Dragon's Winter - Elizabeth A. Lynn 
Azil Aumson

Do Not Wants: Modern AU, Coffeeshop AU, RPF, Crossover, OCs, PWP, second-person narration, A/B/O, Crackfic, Character bashing (especially requested characters, they are my bbs)

Letter: http://florianschild.dreamwidth.org/33496.html


Request 3 by florianschild
Doctrine of Labyrinths - Sarah Monette 
Gideon Thraxios

Do Not Wants: Modern AU, Coffeeshop AU, RPF, Crossover, OCs, PWP, second-person narration, A/B/O, Crackfic, Character bashing (especially requested characters, they are my bbs)

Letter: http://florianschild.dreamwidth.org/33496.html


***

Request 1 by flowerdeluce
The Crown (TV) 
Princess Margaret (The Crown), Peter Townsend (The Crown)

Hello, dear Yuletide Author, 
Thank you for offering to write for The Crown; I’m so excited to read your story!

Initially, I only watched The Crown because my favourite actor will be in series two – I wasn’t expecting to fall in love with it. Despite being British, I've never been a royalist and, before watching the show, had next to no knowledge of the Royal family. The show blew me away with its beautiful sets/costumes/locations and superb acting. But what hooked me was Margaret and Peter’s relationship – I adore them together (I’m also a big Ben Miles fan, so it was nice to see him in uniform!) 

Margaret’s vulnerability fascinates me. She hides it so well and when she broke down to her sister, claiming Peter the only one who can calm, reassure or protect her, it made the moments they spent on screen together so much more meaningful. Peter’s calm opposite to her self-confessed “unhinged” personality is perfect. There’s something lovely about his tenderness with her (the scene where she rests her head on his chest in bed comes to mind) and how head over heels she is. I'm a sucker for love stories and mutual pining so this pairing just does it for me. 

Story ideas/prompts: 
* Last moments (or last night) together, before announcing their break up. (This could be so bittersweet!)
* A country ride together, stolen kisses, away from the eyes of the world in picturesque locations.
* Peter “calming, reassuring and protecting” Margaret.
* ‘5 times’ they kissed in places they shouldn’t!

Smut is appreciated but not required, of course. 

Include any other characters from the show you’d like, but it's Margaret and Peter I'm here for!

***Likes
Age difference, hurt/comfort (emotional hurt with this pairing), mutual pining, UST, slow burn, angst, fluff, ‘5 times’ stories, and first times.

***Do Not Wants***
AUs, gender-swapping, non-con.

PS: Dear Author, if you have good royal knowledge, that’s brilliant. Otherwise, worry not because I don’t and am avoiding research as I don’t want spoilers for series two. Please try not to spoil me too much if futures play a part in your story. 

Thank you, dear Author!


Request 2 by flowerdeluce
Line of Duty 
Steve Arnott, Ted Hastings

Hello, dear Yuletide Author, 

If this is the fandom you’ve been paired with me for, I’m utterly thrilled! There’s very little Line of Duty fic and that’s a shame because it’s such a wonderful show. Every character has their obvious strengths and flaws, yet they’re all so mysterious. The focus always seems to be on the cases and suspects rather than the main team and that’s one of the main reasons I’m intrigued to read about them. It feels like we know a lot about them but we don’t – the perfect excuse for fic to fill the gaps! 

Superintendent Ted Hastings is one of my all-time favourite characters. Clearly, he’s a man of morals; he always wants to do the right thing. From joining the RUC during the Irish Troubles (as a Catholic – BRAVE!) to seeing his AC-12 cases through to the bitter end (even if it means arresting his superior officers) he’s always on the hunt for justice. But who is Ted, really? The audience rarely see anything but his professional persona. I want more Ted Hastings in my life.  

There’s something fascinating about Steve too. He’s quite arrogant, yet I’m always rooting for him. He’s good at what he does but makes a lot of mistakes, (he's human!) I love seeing him improve as a person, and shaking my fist at him when he refuses to budge. This show piles on the whump for Steve too, and that’s perfect! I like seeing him hurt and I should feel guilty about that but... I only do occasionally. Basically, I’m torn when it comes to Steve Arnott! Protect this boy at all costs, but also give him a slap for being such a "gobshite", as Ted calls him. 

Oh, lovely Steve and Ted, the only non-canon pairing in my requests. Dear Author, if you don’t want to write a fic where they’re shipped, I understand, but I want to note that I ship them like burning. I’d be over the moon with any story about them, so if the thought of them boning is not your bag, please don’t feel like you have make it so. 

Story ideas/prompts:
* Missing scene – Ted speaking with Steve in his cell when he pulls an all-nighter to prove he’s not the Caddy. (Potential for super angst if Ted is unsure of Steve’s innocence…)
* Missing scene – Ted in the ambulance with Steve after he’s pushed down the stairs. What happened between then and him being back at the office to question Nick Huntley? Or other visits to see Steve in the hospital.
* Hurt/comfort following Steve whumpage (as he is always getting beaten up, bless him).
* Steve having sudden panic or PTSD-type symptoms once he’s fully recovered from being pushed down the stairs and Ted helping him calm down. (Example: they exit a lift together and Steve freezes at the memory of the attack.)
* Ted gets into serious trouble, gets locked up for a bit and Steve stands up for him/attests his innocence. BROS!
* Case-fic!
* Rescue missions/saving each other (happy for either of them to be the damsel in distress).
* Forced bed sharing, heh.

I'm super happy for Kate, Dot or Lindsay to feature as they’re awesome and I love them a LOT but would prefer the story to be focused on Steve and Ted. Characters who weren’t in the tag set I also love: Maneet, Hilton, Roz, and Danny Waldron. 

***Likes
Age difference, hurt/comfort, mutual pining, whump, UST, slow burn, angst, fluff, ‘5 times’ stories, and first times.

***Do Not Wants***
AUs, gender-swapping, kid!fic. 

Thank you so much, dear Author!


Request 3 by flowerdeluce
The Disappearance of Alice Creed (2009) 
Vic (The Disappearance of Alice Creed), Danny (The Disappearance of Alice Creed)

Dear Yuletide Author, 
I’m not expecting any offers for this obscure film so if you’re reading this and thinking of writing something, I'm hugging your ankles already. 

I love the film because it has brilliant characters – amazingly acted too! – and, with that, brilliant backstory potential. We know very little about Danny and Vic, apart from the hints we’re given about where they met. The audience are also left unsure if Danny was playing Vic all along or if he really did love him. I’d love to read anything about them – I absolutely love their relationship dynamic.

Story ideas/prompts:
* Pre-canon, prison setting – first meetings, relationship development, first moves. (Who left prison first? Did they come and visit the other? They clearly waited for each other.)
* Missing scenes. (Example: How did Danny find the strength to escape the forest after he’d been shot?)
* Danny says he fell for a "mean" Vic who tells him what to do, who's confident. What about a 5 times story? ‘5 times Vic told Danny what to do and 1 time he didn’t’. 
* Character/relationship study.
* Domesticity – Pre-canon, perhaps. Did they live together? Were they scraping by?
* Planning/fantasising what to do/buy with the kidnap money. (Would they both want the same things, what with their age difference?)

I’m happy for you to go down any route regarding Danny’s feelings for Vic (i.e. he was playing him/loved him all along) but, as seems canon, I’d prefer Vic being a bit smitten with Danny. Feel free to include Alice too, if you’d like, she’s a brilliant character! Danny obviously had a past with her, so it could be interesting to read about that intertwining. 

If you want to get smutty with these two, sign me up! If not, sign me up too! Seriously, I’d love anything about Vic and Danny. 

***Likes
Age difference, hurt/comfort, mutual pining, whump, UST, slow burn, angst, fluff, ‘5 times’ stories, and first times.

***Do Not Wants 
AUs, gender-swapping, MPREG, crack, kid!fic. 

Thank you, dear Author!


***

Request 1 by fluffybun
Code: Realize 
Cardia Beckford, Arsène Lupin (Code: Realize)

Missing scenes during the Cardia training chapter 'A Girl's Education' or anywhere else during the game! Post-canon scenes of their life together! (Going on adventures together, Lupin teaching Cardia more things about being a great thief or things not related to thievery, etc. Cardia possibly assisting Lupin in a heist?) Seeing them years down the road. Visiting one of their friends? Cardia helping Lupin to outwit Sholmes? Writing letters to each other when separated? Training Sisi together? Adopting children together (and Cardia possibly trying to stop Lupin from making them all thieves)? Traveling the world together? Planning surprises for each other? Lupin teasing Cardia and her finding a way to tease him back? (Potentially with suggestions from friends/Sholmes?)

AUs are welcome. In what other circumstances could they have met? What if Lupin had taken Cardia away during the Saint-Germain route? Or specifically, post-Normal ends of the other routes, could something bloom between them after those? (For example, during Van's Normal end route, perhaps Lupin helps Cardia adjust to her role as a diplomat? Or with Saint-Germain's route, perhaps he finds her in her new role and stops her?) Fairytale AUs?

Letter: http://fluffybun.dreamwidth.org/15934.html


Request 2 by fluffybun
Collar x Malice (Video Game) 
Hoshino Ichika (Collar x Malice), Yanagi Aiji (Collar x Malice)

I really like these two working together, whether or not they are together. Maybe they work on another case post-game? It'd be interesting to also try exploring some of the normal endings and their finding each other again. Lighter moments would be nice too, for example their going out for drinks, maybe Yanagi gets to taste Hoshino's food? Rallying the group for a party/event? What kind of presents do they give each other? If they date, do the other guys spy on them? Exploring the change in dynamic of their relationship post-game would be nice! Going on a trip together for vacation and maybe stumbling on a situation? Maybe one of them gets jealous over the other getting attention from the opposite/same sex? Growing older together! Teaching each other something (silly or serious)?

AUs are very welcome. What if Hoshino had realized immediately who Yanagi was (or before the time it was revealed in the game)? Or what if they worked together on the force before Yanagi left - what kind of relationship would they have? In a different life, how would they have met?

Letter: http://fluffybun.dreamwidth.org/15934.html


Request 3 by fluffybun
月刊少女野崎くん | Gekkan Shoujo Nozaki-kun 
Nozaki Umetarou, Sakura Chiyo

How would they finally, finally get together? (And does it involve his manga in any way? Maybe he then starts pulling moves he's drawn for his manga and Sakura doesn't understand because she thinks it's 'research'.) Will Nozaki ever remember how they first met (and Sakura's unintended inspiring of Mamiko's hairstyle) and what would happen if he did? Does Sakura ever wear the sailor uniform for Nozaki? (Or anything he asks her to 'for research'?) What kind of dates do they go on? What if they worked on another manga together? (A one-shot, maybe? Another series running concurrently?) What if someone else finally told Nozaki about Sakura's feelings? (Or an offshoot - a deeper thinking of his relationship with Sakura and what this could lead to?) What if Nozaki decides to help Sakura with a project she has as repayment? (For example, maybe Sakura writes a novel and he gives insight?) Playing an otome game or galge together? Christmas not-date dates? School festival/athletics day/other school event shenanigans? A successful love confession for Sakura (or all the hilarious ways she could fail)? More investigations of common shoujo manga scenarios that aren't feasible in real life?

AUs are welcome - in any other circumstances, how would these two have met (and hopefully fall for each other)? What if Nozaki had been the first one to approach Sakura instead of what happened in canon because of her skills in art? Fairytale AUs?

Letter: http://fluffybun.dreamwidth.org/15934.html


Request 4 by fluffybun
Liar! Office Deception (game) 

Could there be a way that even after the reveal of Kohei's lie that these two get together? (Especially after Kohei keeps working to help the MC?)  Lighter moments between the two where they get to know each other? Being asked to work on a project together, just the two of them? What if Kohei and MC had worked with each other before the events of Liar! Office or met in some other way? Or what if Kohei had talked to MC the first time he saw her? What if Kohei had been able to avoid getting injured and continued to actively work on unmasking the rest of the liars with MC - could that lead to trust coming back?

In different circumstances, how would these two have found each other? All the AUs are very welcome.

Letter: http://fluffybun.dreamwidth.org/15934.html


Request 5 by fluffybun
Period Cube: Shackles of Amadeus (Video Game) 
Hanamiya Kazuha (Period Cube), Yuuki Natsu (Period Cube)

What if there was more to the fact that Kazuha always is able to see him in game than just being Amadeus? What if these two had met before the events of the game, maybe become friends? Post-game fic where Kazuha is able to somehow find a way (maybe with other players that have survived) to talk to him again? What if he was still alive during the game and still tried to reach out to Kazuha/or they run into each other? What if Kazuha had somehow gotten an invite to Arcadia before the events of the game and caught his eye? How would a Natsu route go?

AUs are very much welcome. Reincarnation fic, maybe different situation where they come to meet? Secret friendships kept from her brother? What if what was offered to Kazuha in Poyo-poyo's good ending was used for Natsu instead?

Letter: http://fluffybun.dreamwidth.org/15934.html


Request 6 by fluffybun
ヤンデレ彼女 | Yandere Kanojo (Manga) 
Shiratori Tsubasa (Yandere Kanojo), Yoshimoto Hijiri (Yandere Kanojo)

How does their senior year go? (Are they roped into helping with the Student Council?) How will they find time for each other? Hilarious shy moments between the two of them? Double dates with Tanaka + Reina? A proper meeting between Hijiri and Shiratori's younger sister? (And elder sister?) Spending Christmas together, what kind of date do they have? (Will Shiratori overthink it?) Hijiri's the more open of the two about their relationship when talking to others, how about more times when Shiratori has to step up? How would Shiratori's proposal to HIjiri go in the future? (And does he require help of the epic kind? Does he mess up?) Emails to each other when they can't see each other so much? Planning surprises for each other? (And possibly requiring help from their friends - maybe Shiratori more than Yoshimoto?) What does Shiratori do if another guy shows frank interest in Hijiri and asks her out? Missing moments from the manga?

AUs are welcome - in any other circumstances, how would these two have met and fallen for each other?

Letter: http://fluffybun.dreamwidth.org/15934.html


***

Request 1 by FlyingQuetzal
幻城 | Ice Fantasy (TV) 
Ka Suo (Ice Fantasy), Li Luo (Ice Fantasy), Yan Da (Ice Fantasy), Yi Kong Shi (Ice Fantasy)

It's been one year since Ice Fantasy came out, so the perfect time to hunger for more.
Btw, I'd prefer if you ignored Ice Fantasy Destiny, simply because I'm only half-way through and don't expect to finish anytime soon.

I have requested the four that are on the header picture which attracted me to the series. My two ships for this canon are Ka Suo/Li Luo, because I have thing for mortals/immortals. And Yan Da/Yi Kong Shi, because I have thing for Fire and Ice clashing.
Li Luo and Ka Suo in the world of the humans were just so adorable, with Li Luo teaching Ka Suo new things. Whereas Yan Da was trying to thaw the cold fish she took for a mortal. They were nice, too. 

Ideas:
Li Luo and Ka Suo's wedding night (day? due to monster) Li Luo and Ka Suo actually making it to that inn after selling fish.
Li Luo and Yan Da having to work together to save Ka Suo and Yu Fei/Yi Kong Shi
Yi Kong Shi not rejecting Yan Da's kiss. Yan Da falling ill and needing Yu Fei's tender love

DNW: violence worse than canon, unhappy endings, noncon
It's fine to leave requested characters out, I'd just like that at least two of them interact with each other.

If you want to go a more porny route, here are some likes:
'Thank God We're Alive' Sex, Aphrodisiacs, Arranged Marriage, Developing Relationship, Established Relationship, Fertility Festival, First Time, Healing Sex, Sharing a Bed


Request 2 by FlyingQuetzal
구가의 서 | Gu Family Book 
Choi Kang-chi, Dam Yeo-wool, Gu Wol-ryung, Yoon Seo-hwa

I have a thing for half-spirits and spirit, so this series was very much right up my ally. Wolyong’s voice also helped a good deal. 

I think Kangchi and Youl made a great team and were a great team. Turning out to be a half-spirit is not an easy thing to take in, especially if you have trouble keeping your spirit side under control, it was nice to see someone accepting him as he was and believing in him, even when he didn't. And his parents are actually what got me into the show. The noble and still apparently rather inexperienced and childish fox spirit and still his later struggle with his inner demon and the past. The young woman viciously cast from a happy life twice, who in the end still chose her love over her revenge.
I loved Kangchi’s tie up scene. Hanging in those chains, suffering from the drug in his demon form, and his mother suffers right along side him.

Ideas:
Youl actually touching Kangchi that first time in the Garden after he found out he's a half spirit.
Wolyong saves Sohwa earlier from the Tree of Shame.
Sohwa and Kangchi get to have some more time as mother and son.
Sohwa survives her stabbing and Wolyong still becomes his old self.
Sohwa, Wolyong and Kangchi get to spend some family time together, maybe with Youl tagging along.
Future fic - Wolyong wakes up again, either with Sohwa somehow come back to life with him or re-incarnated and it's Kangchi's turn  to get fox spirit and Joseon woman settled into modern times, maybe while also having to explain things to Youl.
Either of the two couples exploring what it means to have a half-spirit or full-spirit in bed.

DNW: violence worse than canon, unhappy endings, noncon
It's fine to leave requested characters out, I'd just like that at least two of them interact with each other.

If you want to go a more porny route, here are some likes:
'Thank God We're Alive' Sex, Aphrodisiacs, Accidental Knotting, Developing Relationship, Established Relationship, Fertility Festival, First Time, Healing Sex, Knotting, Mating Cycles/In Heat, Taming the Beast


Request 3 by FlyingQuetzal
那片星空那片海 | The Starry Night The Starry Sea (TV) 
Shen Luo (The Starry Night The Starry Sea), Wu Julan (The Starry Night The Starry Sea)

To get things out of the way first. So far I'm loving season 2, but since it's still ongoing when signups close, lets ignore it this time around.

The reason I came to this fandom? *cough* Merman!!! in the trailer
Nicely blue and fined Merman! 

I stayed around for the nicely blue and fined Merman and the woman who knew she wanted to tap that tail - even when she didn't know about the tail part yet - and didn't give up on it.

While I have no interest in alternate universe settings, canon divergence is totally fine.

Ideas:
Them coming up with other ways to kiss-without-kissing.
Swimming/diving lessons with merman
Exploring all those fins and blue scales.
Wu Julan caught by an aquarium owner about to be put on display? Shen Luo to the rescue.
A way for both of them to survive.

DNW: violence worse than canon, unhappy endings, noncon
If you want to go the porny route, let me offer some more likes:
Beach Sex, Captivity, Developing Relationship, Established Relationship, Fertility Festival, First Time, For Science!, Light Bondage, Mating Cycles/In Heat, Running out of Energy, Tail Sex


Request 4 by FlyingQuetzal
Novoland: The Castle in the Sky (TV Show) 
Feng Ren (Novoland), Feng Tianyi (Novoland), Yi Fuling (Novoland)

Winged people and a political intrigue. That's the thing the series summary promised, well, it contained those and was completely different on the rest.

I was hooked when Feng Tianyi appeared, there was just something very alluring about and I loved it when he got to be happy together with Fuling. I also loved it when his uncle came into the mix. Feng Ren worked so hard for his nephew even while he nearly had a copy of his wife in his grasp. Their fight over Yi Fuling after she broke Feng Ren's zither can only be described as a cock fight.

Ideas:
How Fuling and the thoroughly wet and cold Tianyi spend the night after their crash.
Fuling and Tianyi actually getting to have some fun and exploration with his new wings.
Tianyi working the whole goddess thing out with Fuling instead of letting her sitting at the altar.
Ren giving Fuling a crash course in wings, since presumably Tianyi would get his own eventually.
Fuling and Tianyi finding out that Ren wanted to give his own wings to Tianyi.
All three being caught in a storm and needing to share warmth for the night. 

DNW: violence worse than canon, unhappy endings, noncon
It's fine to leave requested characters out, I'd just like that at least two of them interact with each other.

If you want to go the porny route, let me offer some more likes:
'Thank God We're Alive' Sex, Aphrodisiacs, Comfort Sex, Developing Relationship, Established Relationship, Fertility Festival, First Time, Healing Sex, Desperate Sex, For Science!, Instructional Sex, Sex in Air, Sharing Body Heat, Something Made Them Do It


Request 5 by FlyingQuetzal
무림학교 | Moorim School (TV) 
Hwang Moo-song, Chae Yoon

Moorim School which sadly was cut short. I would have wanted to see more of the kids and their teachers. And especially more of Hwang Moo-song and Chae Yoon. Such fine looking man, such good friends. I liked that they even made loving the same woman work and of course that Hwang Moo-song took care of his best friend's daughter.

The special super powers also help.
I loved that in the end Chae Yoon didn't believe his friend had betrayed him and they returned together to Moorim with Chae Yoon supporting the wounded Hwang Moo-song

    Ideas:
    Old friends getting to know each other again.
    Chae Yoon nursing Hwang Moo-song after he is wounded at the end.
    Chae Yoon and Hwang Moo-song sorting out the whole being fathers to the same daughter thing.
    Good use of special powers in bed.

    DNW: violence worse than canon, unhappy endings, noncon

If you want to go the porny route, let me offer some more likes:
'Thank God We're Alive' Sex, Aphrodisiacs, Comfort Sex, Developing Relationship, Established Relationship, Loyalty, Zero-gravity sex, Healing Sex, Nearly Getting Caught, For Science!, Instructional Sex, Running out of Energy, Sharing Body Heat


***

Request 1 by Fmnds
Call the Midwife 
Phyllis Crane

General DNW: Established relationships,  hard NC-17,  character death, BDSM, mpreg, incest, bestiality, hard kink, non-con/dub-con, poly/threesome/orgies, a/b/o

DNW: Anything involving miscarriage, infant loss, terminal illness of child, death of child

Letter: http://fmnds.tumblr.com/post/165954713543/yuletide-letter-2017


Request 2 by Fmnds
Chicago Med 
Sarah Reese (Chicago Med), Will Halstead (Chicago Med)

General DNW: Established relationships,  hard NC-17,  character death, BDSM, mpreg, incest, bestiality, hard kink, non-con/dub-con, poly/threesome/orgies, a/b/o

Letter: http://fmnds.tumblr.com/post/165954713543/yuletide-letter-2017


Request 3 by Fmnds
Dawson's Creek 
Joey Potter, Pacey Witter

General DNW: Established relationships,  hard NC-17,  character death, BDSM, mpreg, incest, bestiality, hard kink, non-con/dub-con, poly/threesome/orgies, a/b/o

DNW: Joey having feelings for Dawson.

Letter: http://fmnds.tumblr.com/post/165954713543/yuletide-letter-2017


Request 4 by Fmnds
Twister (1996) 
Jo Harding (Twister (1996)), Bill Harding (Twister (1996))

General DNW: Established relationships,  hard NC-17,  character death, BDSM, mpreg, incest, bestiality, hard kink, non-con/dub-con, poly/threesome/orgies, a/b/o

Letter: http://fmnds.tumblr.com/post/165954713543/yuletide-letter-2017


Request 5 by Fmnds
Jurassic Park (1993) 
Ian Malcolm (Jurassic Park 1993)

General DNW: Established relationships,  hard NC-17,  character death, BDSM, mpreg, incest, bestiality, hard kink, non-con/dub-con, poly/threesome/orgies, a/b/o

Letter: http://fmnds.tumblr.com/post/165954713543/yuletide-letter-2017


Request 6 by Fmnds
Doctor Who RPF 
Billie Piper (Doctor Who RPF), David Tennant (Doctor Who RPF)

General DNW: Established relationships,  hard NC-17,  character death, BDSM, mpreg, incest, bestiality, hard kink, non-con/dub-con, poly/threesome/orgies, a/b/o

DNW: Shippy fic beyond some UST or pining, nothing too dark or depressing

Letter: http://fmnds.tumblr.com/post/165954713543/yuletide-letter-2017


***

Request 1 by followsrabbit
In Other Lands - Sarah Rees Brennan 
Elliot Schafer (In Other Lands), Luke Sunborn (In Other Lands)

Details in letter

Letter: http://ganseysjane.tumblr.com/private/165930625267/tumblr_ox540yBmCH1s47xjt


Request 2 by followsrabbit
The Lynburn Legacy - Sarah Rees Brennan 
Kami Glass, Jared Lynburn

Details in letter

Letter: http://ganseysjane.tumblr.com/private/165930625267/tumblr_ox540yBmCH1s47xjt


Request 3 by followsrabbit
Anna and the French Kiss - Stephanie Perkins 
Josh Wasserstein, Etienne St. Clair

Details in letter

Letter: http://ganseysjane.tumblr.com/private/165930625267/tumblr_ox540yBmCH1s47xjt


***

Request 1 by formerlydf
Emelan - Tamora Pierce 
Briar Moss, Trisana Chandler

More details in my letter, but:
- I LOVE the found family aspects of the Emelan series. And obviously I love all four of the circle (and am absolutely happy for the others to show up), but what I'd really love in particular is something about Briar and Tris's relationship, be it platonic or romantic. (If platonic, I'd prefer no one-sided crushes unless they're eventually reciprocated, and nothing where they're involved with other people.)
- Are they kids? Are they adults? Set during the series or after the series? Wild magical adventures or mundane squabbles? I'm here for all of it!
- I would prefer that it be set in-universe, though — usually I'm all here for AUs, but not in this case.

Blanket DNW: Humiliation, infidelity, non-con, mpreg, character-bashing (esp. bashing of lady characters), body horror, non-canonical death, daddy kink, body-shaming, infantilism, petplay, or unhappy endings. (Angst is AOK as long as it all gets fixed!)

Letter: http://formerlydf.dreamwidth.org/182901.html


Request 2 by formerlydf
Buzzfeed: Worth It 
Andrew Ilnyckyj (Worth It), Steven Lim (Worth It), Adam Bianchi (Worth It)

More details in my letter, but:
- Steven/Andrew is my preference, but if you're really feeling gen or Adam/Steven/Andrew, go for it. No Adam/Steven or Adam/Andrew, please.
- PINING ANDREW is a thing that I'm really into. He goes on such a glorious journey from "who is this enthusiastic weirdo" to such "wow yup totally cool totally sardonic totally removed totally don't have a crush at all. yup." 

&nbsp;

Blanket DNW: Humiliation, infidelity, non-con, mpreg, character-bashing (esp. bashing of lady characters), body horror, non-canonical death, daddy kink, body-shaming, infantilism, petplay, or unhappy endings. (Angst is AOK as long as it all gets fixed!)

Letter: http://formerlydf.dreamwidth.org/182901.html


Request 3 by formerlydf
Bruno & Boots (Movies) 
Bruno Walton (Bruno & Boots), Boots O'Neal (Bruno & Boots)

More details in my letter, but:
- THESE MOVIES. OH MAN.
- YMMV on this but I see Bruno 100% as the pining one — although I'm happy to read it the other way around too! But really though, that boy is in love.
- Would love to read about them getting together, but I'm very easy on the how. In school? Future fic where Bruno is the new 30something headmaster of Macdonald Hall and all the students try to set them up? University? AU where they're in SPACE for whatever reason? AU where they're at rival schools? Regency AU? I AM HERE FOR ANY AND ALL OF IT. GO WILD.
- My biggest thing is for the relationship dynamics not to feel too unbalanced. Obviously as a temporary thing it's fine — as we know, sometimes Bruno pulls too hard in one direction and Boots eventually snaps, but one of the things I love about the movies is that most of the time Boots is right there with him — he's rolling his eyes at some of the ridiculous plans, but he's not just getting pulled along, he's an active part of the process.
- THEY'RE SO CODEPENDENT AND IT KILLS ME.

&nbsp;

Blanket DNW: Humiliation, infidelity, non-con, mpreg, character-bashing (esp. bashing of lady characters), body horror, non-canonical death, daddy kink, body-shaming, infantilism, petplay, or unhappy endings. (Angst is AOK as long as it all gets fixed!)

Letter: http://formerlydf.dreamwidth.org/182901.html


Request 4 by formerlydf
Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator 
Ernest Vega, Lucien Bloodmarch

More details in my letter, but:
So this one's a bit more of a wildcard, but the glimpses we got during the game of Ernest and Lucien, teenage dirtbags, were hilarious. Do they keep being frenemies? Does Ernest ever wisen up enough to not get bricked into walls? Do they have to team up for some reason? Do their dads get married thanks to the intervention of the Duchess Cordelia (and Lucien's allergies either turn out to be treatable or not quite as serious as he claimed) and so Lucien and Ernest end up stepbrothers who eventually fall in love despite all expectations?

&nbsp;

Blanket DNW: Humiliation, infidelity, non-con, mpreg, character-bashing (esp. bashing of lady characters), body horror, non-canonical death, daddy kink, body-shaming, infantilism, petplay, or unhappy endings. (Angst is AOK as long as it all gets fixed!)

Letter: http://formerlydf.dreamwidth.org/182901.html


Request 5 by formerlydf
Prosperity Series - Alexis Hall 
Piccadilly (Prosperity Series), Byron Kae (Prosperity Series)

More details in my letter, but:
-There's a sweetness to Byron and Dil's relationship that I love so much. They're two people who have been very much alone in different ways, and now they've found each other and adore each other and just really passionately want life to treat the other kindly, and also will protect the other from harm with pretty much every scrap of ferocity they have. Which is a lot.
- Happy with anything from mundane adventures like them commenting on a book, to weird sky shenanigans. Does one of them get threatened and the other has to save them? Do they meet Byron's sister Rosamund post-There Will Be Phlogiston and have to deal with all the emotions that stirs up? AUs, external pov, and epistolary/fake articles/etc. are all great as well.

&nbsp;

Blanket DNW: Humiliation, infidelity, non-con, mpreg, character-bashing (esp. bashing of lady characters), body horror, non-canonical death, daddy kink, body-shaming, infantilism, petplay, or unhappy endings. (Angst is AOK as long as it all gets fixed!)

Letter: http://formerlydf.dreamwidth.org/182901.html


Request 6 by formerlydf
Pod Save America (RPF) 
Tommy Vietor (Pod Save America RPF), Jon Lovett (Pod Save America RPF), Jon Favreau (Pod Save America RPF)

More details in my letter, but:
- Okay, the really important thing here is that I am here for anything as long as it involves Jon Lovett. Lovett character study? Great. Favs/Lovett? Great. Tommy/Lovett? Great. Favs/Lovett/Tommy? Great. Emily/Favs/Lovett? Great. Ronan/Lovett? Great. ALL GREAT. If it has Jon Lovett and if it loves Jon Lovett, I will love it.
- ...honestly that's it. I mean, as mentioned I'll put more stuff in the letter but that's really the key thing, everything else is just gravy. Are Favs and Tommy werewolves? Are they in space? Does it take place at the White House or during the Obama v Hillary primary or in LA or on tour or in the future or in another timeline? COOL AWESOME I AM HERE FOR IT.
- Uh, also, don't be an asshole about Hillary Clinton. Or Ronan Farrow. I figured I should mention that just in case.

Blanket DNW: Humiliation, infidelity, non-con, mpreg, character-bashing (esp. bashing of lady characters), non-canonical death, daddy kink, body-shaming, infantilism, petplay, or unhappy endings. (Angst is AOK as long as it all gets fixed!)

Letter: http://formerlydf.dreamwidth.org/182901.html


***

Request 1 by forochel
Dark Is Rising Sequence - Susan Cooper 
Bran Davies (Dark Is Rising), Will Stanton, The Lady (Dark Is Rising), Barnabas Drew (Dark Is Rising)

I always love a bit of fix-it fic and some devolution davies goodness! but character studies are great too. 

not all characters are a must; I just love The Lady too! and the way the mythology is imprinted in the landscape.

also definitely ship bran/will :3


Request 2 by forochel
Vorkosigan Saga - Lois McMaster Bujold 
Ivan Vorpatril, Gregor Vorbarra, Miles Vorkosigan, Cordelia Naismith Vorkosigan

i love gregor/miles with the passion of a thousand burning suns, but ivan-you-idiot is my absolute fave character ... right after cordelia and her awesome. IT'S COMPLICATED but i'd be happy with shippy fic or character study fic or case fic ... anything!! not all charas have to be in the fic.


Request 3 by forochel
Calvin & Hobbes 
Calvin (Calvin and Hobbes), Hobbes (Calvin and Hobbes), Susie Derkins

free for all! up to you :) just no angst, please. or, well, no grimdark or character death.


Request 4 by forochel
Alexander Trilogy - Mary Renault 
Alexander the Great (Alexander Trilogy), Hephaistion (Alexander Trilogy)

all i want is them happy, in canon -- in an AU ... just ... happytimes.


***

Request 1 by foxinthestars
Akatsuki no Yona | Yona of the Dawn 
Kija (Akatsuki no Yona), Shin-Ah (Akatsuki no Yona), Jae-Ha (Akatsuki no Yona), Zeno (Akatsuki no Yona)

You don’t have to include all the requested characters on this one.  Focusing on one or two of them is fine.  Feel free to include the rest of the ensemble, too; this really is an “I love everyone in this bar!” fandom for me, and basically everyone other than one-arc villains I like or at least could be interested to read about.  The current dragons are my very favorites, tho, so I’d like a focus on one or more of them.
Maybe pre-canon.  At least in the manga, Kija said he has been outside his village before, maybe show me one of those times.  Maybe let Shin-ah meet someone from outside his village and have some kind of positive interaction with them (fleeting and bittersweet perhaps, but please not tragic).  A time Jae-ha needed a rescue from the other pirates.  Zeno being a stalker (note, I’d prefer that Zeno stories be set during the other main characters’ lifetimes).
Or maybe something after they’ve all met.  Send one or more of them on an adventure.  Or, the relationships are what really make this series, so just pick two of them and play them off each other somehow; every combination is precious with this bunch.  (As a random specific prompt, I’ve thought it could be interesting if Jae-ha hurt his left leg enough to cause mobility problems for a while; could be serious, funny, or both.)
This is also a good series for “What If” AUs.  Maybe a story where one of the dragons left their village under different circumstances — maybe adopted by Zeno or by another canon character.  For a different sort of AU, spillover from this fandom actually got me into historical Kdramas, and after dabbling in those I think an AU set in Joseon Period Korea would be interesting (although it would take someone more knowledgeable than me to do it right).
LIKE: Winter themed stories (for Yuletide time), Good-hearted people, Happy or bittersweet endings, Representation, Competence, Genfic, Thought experiments, Drama, Fluff, Cuddling, Description Porn.
DO NOT WANT: Embarrassment, Rape, Grimdark, Actual Porn.
See letter for more details.

Letter: http://foxinthestars.dreamwidth.org/168364.html


Request 2 by foxinthestars
獣の奏者エリン | Kemono no Souja Erin (Anime) 
Erin (Kemono no Souja), Ial (Kemono no Souja)

I want Erin/Ial, preferably something quiet and thoughtful, or something fluffy.  Anything along that line would make me happy, really, but if you need an angle, maybe think about how he’s adjusting to his new life post-canon, and how Erin’s other friends are adjusting to this guy with his stone face and ninja vibes. Bonus points: include a warm, soft, furry animal, not necessarily an Ohjuu.
LIKE: Winter themed stories (for Yuletide time), Good-hearted people, Happy or bittersweet endings, Representation, Competence, Genfic, Thought experiments, Drama, Fluff, Cuddling, Description Porn.
DO NOT WANT: Embarrassment, Rape, Grimdark, Actual Porn.
See letter for more details.

Letter: http://foxinthestars.dreamwidth.org/168364.html


Request 3 by foxinthestars
Kuroorihime to Kawaki no Ou 
Setia (Kuroorihime), Azurite (Kuroorihime)

This is your “gimme,” but I would love to see fic for it — it’s a one-shot manga by the creator of Akatsuki no Yona.  To be totally honest I think it’s kind of messed up (what with the literal nonconsensual bodice-ripping scene and the power imbalance being straightened on the back of a disability and everything, plus me being a huge AkaYona fan and seeing how familiar some of the character designs look adds an extra layer of <i>ennh</i>) — and yet!  I still enjoy this story and still root for this couple, even if I do hope they continue much further on their journey toward, you know, an actually healthy relationship.  So post-canon would be great; show me Setia being a badass queen and Azurite being a more enlightened but still badass king (with a disability).  Maybe let one or both of them learn more about the other’s backstory, or have some feelsy or humorous fluff as they try to navigate this whole relationship thing.  Another option I’d be interested in is a “What If?” AU with a completely redesigned version of Bado, one who’s actually a decent enough guy to complicate rather than simplify the situation and who maybe has an agenda of his own (I still root for Setia and Azurite and would hate to break them up, but a swerve toward OT3 territory would be just fine — something fraught but not doomed, perhaps?).  Bonus points in any case for Setia being awesome.
LIKE: Winter themed stories (for Yuletide time), Good-hearted people, Happy or bittersweet endings, Representation, Competence, Genfic, Thought experiments, Drama, Fluff, Cuddling, Description Porn.
DO NOT WANT: Embarrassment, Rape, Grimdark, Actual Porn.
See letter for more details.

Letter: http://foxinthestars.dreamwidth.org/168364.html


***

Request 1 by foxtwin
'Allo 'Allo! 
Helga Geerhart, Otto Flick, Michelle Dubois

Anything is good here. Preference is given to canon fic as a general rule. Perhaps Helga wants to join the resistance, perhaps Michelle is having a side fling with Herr Flick, perhaps Rene is forced into hiring  a singer (other than his wife) and Michelle (or Helga) volunteers, or perhaps Herr Flick's reputation is being besmirched and he needs Michelle's help, maybe Michelle gets the hots for Flick......whatever you choose to write will be read joyfully.


Request 2 by foxtwin
Midsomer Murders (TV) 
Tom Barnaby (Midsomer Murders TV), John Barnaby (Midsomer Murders TV)

Anything is good here. Preference is given to canon fic as a general rule, but it need not be a full-length episode or even a murder. Maybe something between investigations? Maybe a small-time crime that both must investigate to thwart a murder? Maybe a full-blown serial murderer is on the loose...

Something involving both Barnabys always gives me a thrill. Extra points for including Joyce or Sarah in the mix. Double bonus if Ben Jones makes a reappearance. :-D


Request 3 by foxtwin
The Doctor Blake Mysteries 
Lucien Blake

Anything is good here. Preference is given to canon fic as a general rule. I am intrigued by his backstory and his ongoing medical practice. Perhaps you could combine the two into a scene (whether in an investigation or a sidebar slice-of-life). Perhaps just backstory, or perhaps a nemesis we haven't yet met pushes the good doctor's buttons. Whatever you write will be warmly welcomed.


***

Request 1 by foxxcub
Six of Crows Series - Leigh Bardugo 

GIVE ME ALL THE CHARACTERS. ALL OF THEM. I am a HUGE Nina/Matthias fan, but tbh I ship everyone/everyone in this fandom, so you can go hog wild in that regard. I just ask for team love and found-family dynamics. Can be set in canon, after canon, AU, whatever!


Request 2 by foxxcub
The Eagle | The Eagle of the Ninth (2011) 
Marcus Flavius Aquila (The Eagle of the Ninth (2011)), Esca Mac Cunoval (The Eagle of the Ninth (2011))

Pining, PWP, high school/college AU, canon flavor--I am seriously not picky with these two! No extreme violence or death, please. I prefer some smutty bits, but if that's not your bag, all I ask is that you at least have them being idiots for each other in some form.


Request 3 by foxxcub
Taboo (TV 2017) 
James Delaney, Lorna Bow

James is canonically bi-sexual, so I'd love to see some play on that. No incest, please, although you can reference it in relation to canon, of course. I'm totally down for some dark tones and complex, messy relationships, but if at all possible, I'd like a bit of hope at the end, if not a happy ending (which, lol, is asking a lot for this fandom, I know).


***

Request 1 by Framlingem
Thunderbirds Are Go (TV 2015) 
John Tracy (Thunderbirds Are Go (2015)), Gordon Tracy (Thunderbirds Are Go (2015))

I'd love to see adventures and derring-do with these two working together, or perhaps having to take over each other's specialty (for some reason).  They both specialize in isolated, hostile-to-humans environments, and I think that's fascinating.

Letter: http://framlingem.dreamwidth.org/803985.html


Request 2 by Framlingem
Musketeer Space - Tansy Rayner Roberts 
Athos (Musketeer Space), Milord (Musketeer Space), Aramis (Musketeer Space), Dana D'Artagnan

Oh my goodness, I adore this book so much. I'm not much for romance/shippy stuff, but adventures, derring-do, inconvenient wounds, espionage, duels, YES PLEASE.

Letter: http://framlingem.dreamwidth.org/803985.html


Request 3 by Framlingem
Vorkosigan Saga - Lois McMaster Bujold 
Byerly Vorrutyer, Ivan Vorpatril

This is a perennial favourite of mine! I love how different these men are, but how they've grown to respect each other (especially as they get older). I'd love to see them using their talents for good.

Letter: http://framlingem.dreamwidth.org/803985.html


Request 4 by Framlingem
Shield of Tomorrow (Web Series) 
Throlo Sh’shirros (Shield of Tomorrow), Rafael Martinez (Shield of Tomorrow), Lark Sage (Shield of Tomorrow), Junil Rue (Shield of Tomorrow)

Okay, so I literally started watching this a week ago, and I adore it intensely. Worldbuilding, character pieces, casefic, derring-do, I crave ALL OF THE THINGS.

Letter: http://framlingem.dreamwidth.org/803985.html


***

Request 1 by Franzeska
Rivers of London - Ben Aaronovitch 
Asterid Bivalacqua, Thomas Nightingale, Peter Grant (Rivers of London), Varvara Sidorovna Tamonina

Just how <em>did</em> Asterid end up with Nightingale's service revolver? Is Varvara really spending her days drinking vodka in prison, or does she have more up her sleeve? Give me fanboy Peter crushing on his boss and snooping in his private life or Peter and Nightingale up to their ears in some new case. (If you haven't read the comics, feel free to leave Asterid out. Varvara is also optional.)

Letter: http://franzeska.dreamwidth.org/188860.html


Request 2 by Franzeska
Sweet Revenge (TV 2001) 
Sebastian Harper, Patrick Vine, Ellen (Sweet Revenge)

Ellen/Patrick post canon? Fixit fic for Sebastian? Ellen/Patrick/Sebastian? Maybe Patrick was nonplussed by the police's suggestion that they were lovers, but I'll bet Sebastian had thought about it at least once. Give me architecture, revenge, and porn.

Letter: http://franzeska.dreamwidth.org/188860.html


Request 3 by Franzeska
Framed (TV 1992) 
Eddie Myers, Larry Jackson

Never have two characters been more suited to dubcon, mindfucking, and a little attempted murder on the way to their happy ending.

Letter: http://franzeska.dreamwidth.org/188860.html


Request 4 by Franzeska
Smoke Signals (1998) 
Thomas Builds-The-Fire, Victor Joseph

So how <em>would</em> they get together? It might take a (frybread) miracle to get Victor to admit his feelings, but Thomas' powers of bullshit and adorableness are vast.

Letter: http://franzeska.dreamwidth.org/188860.html


Request 5 by Franzeska
Chee and Leaphorn Series (TV) 
Joe Leaphorn (Chee and Leaphorn TV), Jim Chee (Chee and Leaphorn TV), Emma Leaphorn

These three were built for wilderness survival shenanigans, presumed dead, and every other sort of hurt/comfort. I love Jim's super obvious crush on his boss, Emma and Jim teaming up on curmudgeon Joe, and Joe's deadpan humor.

Letter: http://franzeska.dreamwidth.org/188860.html


Request 6 by Franzeska
Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard - Rick Riordan 
Blitzen (Magnus Chase), Hearthstone (Magnus Chase)

Blitz and Hearth are so married. Give me over-the-top rescues, hurt/comfort, and a happy ending. Their first meeting? Hearth's angst in book 2? Some new adventure with Portents of Doom that turn out to be overrated?

Letter: http://franzeska.dreamwidth.org/188860.html


***

Request 1 by freneticfloetry
Being Human (US/Canada) 
Sally Malik, Aidan Waite

Finally. In this life, the next, or the ones they never lived.

Promptopalooza to be found in my DYA letter, along with general likes and DNWs. The biggest of the latter: incest and infidelity. Have fun!

Letter: http://freneticfloetry.dreamwidth.org/2208.html?style=site


Request 2 by freneticfloetry
Penny Dreadful (TV) 
Ethan Chandler (Penny Dreadful)

"We’ve all done things to survive. There are such sins at my back it would kill me to turn around."

Promptopalooza to be found in my DYA letter, along with general likes and DNWs. The biggest of the latter: incest and infidelity. Have fun!

Letter: http://freneticfloetry.dreamwidth.org/2208.html?style=site


Request 3 by freneticfloetry
The Adjustment Bureau (2011) 
Harry Mitchell

He's lived vicariously since the beginning. In the end, his penance is firsthand experience.

Promptopalooza to be found in my DYA letter, along with general likes and DNWs. The biggest of the latter: incest and infidelity. Have fun!

Letter: http://freneticfloetry.dreamwidth.org/2208.html?style=site


Request 4 by freneticfloetry
Westworld (TV) 
Maeve Millay

Hell hath no fury like a host turned human.

Promptopalooza to be found in my DYA letter, along with general likes and DNWs. The biggest of the latter: incest and infidelity. Have fun!

Letter: http://freneticfloetry.dreamwidth.org/2208.html?style=site


***

Request 1 by fresne
Computers & Software (Anthropomorphic) 
SarcasticRover (Twitter bot)

So, here's the thing, I'm a technical writer. I write documentation about computers and software. I write requirements documents. I write user documents. I write policies. I write standards. I love, love, love (no for serious) flow diagrams. If you, like me, want to write something crazy sarcastic about the most random user requirements ever, go for it. If you want to write an anthropomorphic Application going, "What was my developer thinking?", go for it. Or weeping, why are there no comments in my code to explain what I am for. All too real. I don't need no code review hydras? The error, the lurking error when the stupid human does the stupid human thing, I am down with jumping that shark. I have, I should mention, also done a fair amount of QA. Errors lurk. 

Outside of that, want to write the Sarcastic Rover, love it. Explore Mars. Be sarcastic.

Letter: http://fresne.dreamwidth.org/256438.html


Request 2 by fresne
Canterbury Tales - Geoffrey Chaucer 
Wife of Bath

Give me the gap toothed widow. The history she recounts has quite the ups and downs. Any element or aspect of that story is cool with me. 

If not her, how about the squire, like a nightingale he.

Letter: http://fresne.dreamwidth.org/256438.html


Request 3 by fresne
The Odyssey - Homer 
Πηνελόπη | Penelope (Odyssey)

My icon has been Circe since the 90s. I'll let that sink in. Pauses. What's her deal? Why pigs? Why does she get involved with Odysseus? Is she a goddess? A sorceress. Have fun.

If not her, how about faithful Penelope. Waiting. Waiting. Waiting. Did she do something other than weave? How about rule.

If not her, how about Athena. She really takes Odysseus under her owl wing. Is it all about wits? Give me banter. A buddy cop show in which they solve crime. It's all good

Letter: http://fresne.dreamwidth.org/256438.html


Request 4 by fresne
The Hound and the Falcon - Judith Tarr 
Alfred of St. Ruan's

How about their lives a thousand years later. Their children. They are magic. Is there an era where they can re-emerge?

I love the medieval philosophy. Explore some variation on a medieval epic a la the characters.


Request 5 by fresne
Numbers (Anthropomorphic) 
3 (Number), 7 (Number)

This is request five, so perhaps something about 5. A middle merchant. A middle manager. He flexibly holds up the roof.

While 9, has always been a young woman for me. She faces away from the crowd with a high head as she looks out into the perfect distance. She has three mothers. Who are the number 3. Witches. Maidens. Crones.

While 7 is a warrior. Sometimes bearing a slash across her middle. While others unbowed.

Letter: http://fresne.dreamwidth.org/256438.html


***

Request 1 by freudiancascade
Wolf 359 (Radio) 
Hera (Wolf 359), Renée Minkowski (Wolf 359)

Just give me a story about any/all of the wonderful, complex, and incredible ladies kicking ass and taking names in outer space! I have an extra soft spot for Hera, Minkowski, and Lovelace, but really, anything that puts the spotlight on space-faring women, their lives, and the relationships between them is going to win my heart. Especially if it keeps the canon sense of humor and adventure!

(You can assume I'm caught up with canon, I listen promptly each week, so you can work with the state of things in any season and don't need to avoid spoilers)

For all my requests, my main DNWs are non-con/dub-con, incest, porn without plot (sex is fine as part of a story), violence against animals, explicit medical/body horror (mentions or passing references are fine), and homophobia.


Request 2 by freudiancascade
Bartimaeus - Jonathan Stroud 
Bartimaeus (Bartimaeus), Kitty Jones, Nathaniel (Bartimaeus), Ptolemy (Bartimaeus)

Ooh, man. This has been a long-time favorite series of mine, so feel free to play in the world or with the characters in any way you see fit! I especially love heaps of sarcasm, magical adventures, Kitty being a force of nature, Bartimaeus being clever and lucky, and Nathaniel learning lessons the hard way. The original series could have used even more amazing ladies front and center, so if you can fill in those gaps (or focus on the canonical women), please do! Alternately, if you wanna go back in time and play around with the lovely relationship between Bartimaeus and Ptolemy, go ahead! 

For all my requests, my main DNWs are non-con/dub-con, incest, porn without plot (sex is fine as part of a story), violence against animals, explicit medical/body horror (mentions or passing references are fine), and homophobia.


Request 3 by freudiancascade
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell (TV) 
Jonathan Strange (JSMN TV), Arabella Strange (JSMN TV), Gilbert Norrell (JSMN TV), John Childermass (JSMN TV)

I read the book as well as the TV show, so you can pull from either canon in any ways you like. This is such a rich and intricate world, the history and practice of magic in this series is so dense and beautiful, so please feel free to do whatever you want in it -- characters listed are just suggestions! I love wild and untamed fairy folk, magical journeys, wry wit, and ladies and servants rising above the privileged men around them to recreate their world.

For all my requests, my main DNWs are non-con/dub-con, incest, porn without plot (sex is fine as part of a story), violence against animals, explicit medical/body horror (mentions or passing references are fine), and homophobia.


Request 4 by freudiancascade
Wonder Woman (2017) 
Diana Prince (Wonder Woman 2017), The Amazons (Wonder Woman 2017), Hippolyta (Wonder Woman 2017), Antiope (Wonder Woman 2017)

Give me life among the Amazons! The balance of power between Hippolyta and Antiope, circling each other over the centuries as sisters and warriors and leaders! Or how about Diana as a child or a teenager, learning how to be an adult woman in a society that hasn't had to deal with a child growing up in a very long time? Anything to flesh out the world even more. Alternately, I'd love a story about Diana adapting to (and making her mark on) the world outside the island throughout history and up to the present day-- how does she handle major events and shake-ups on a global scale? How does she continue to find the strength -- and the ways -- to do good for people? Either way, I'd love to hear more about these warrior women and their inner lives.

For all my requests, my main DNWs are non-con/dub-con, incest, porn without plot (sex is fine as part of a story), violence against animals, explicit medical/body horror (mentions or passing references are fine), and homophobia.


***

Request 1 by Froggimus_Rex
Killjoys (TV) 
Dutch (Killjoys), Aneela (Killjoys)

My id craves aaaaaaaaaaaaaaall the messed up, mindfucky, pseudoincestous (actually incestous?) dirtywrongbadhot femslash, please and thank you. 

Or fill in the blank backstory, or compare and contrast character studies, those are good too.

DNW: Deathfic, downer endings, torturefic, humiliation, formalised D/S, underage

Letter: http://froggimus-rex.dreamwidth.org/87452.html


Request 2 by Froggimus_Rex
Outside Xbox RPF 
Ellen Rose (Outside Xbox RPF), Luke Westaway (Outside Xbox RPF)

Ellen and/or Luke's self-insert Oxbox fanfic. What happens in it. I need to know. 

Feel free to include or focus on Jane, Mike, and Andy as much as you want to.

DNW: smut, angst, issuefic, permadeath

Letter: http://froggimus-rex.dreamwidth.org/87452.html


Request 3 by Froggimus_Rex
Quacks (TV) 
Caroline Lessing

Between the crossdressing and the captivation with paintings of naked women there arises the potential of Caroline's awkward and amazing trainwreck of a bisexual awakening, and I want it so, so bad.

Letter: http://froggimus-rex.dreamwidth.org/87452.html


Request 4 by Froggimus_Rex
Star Wars Legends: The Old Republic 
Lana Beniko (TOR), Theron Shan (TOR)

I adore these two's friendship *and* I ship it like whoa, so pretty much anything focusing on their relationship (be it shippy or otherwise) would be awesome.

DNW: PC/Lana or PC/Theron

Letter: http://froggimus-rex.dreamwidth.org/87452.html


***

Request 1 by froggydarren
Teen Wolf (TV) RPF 
Tyler Hoechlin (Teen Wolf (TV) RPF), Dylan O'Brien (Teen Wolf (TV) RPF)

I love the friendships between the cast of the show, the little snippets we see of them interacting either during cons or online. What I'd love to read is anything that involves their friendship, ideally within the current reality, though if you'd want to drop them into an AU, that's perfectly cool too. I've listed the two I would like to be the focus, but feel free to include any of the others. 

DNW: anything that'd fall under the major AO3 warnings, unhappy endings, bashing of Teen Wolf or its showrunners.
Do want: fluff and snark. 
squicks &amp; further details (including ships): in Dear Author letter.

Letter: http://froggydarren.tumblr.com/yuletideletter


Request 2 by froggydarren
Welcome to PHU Series - Tris Lawrence 
Thorne Baker, Alaric Herne, Harrison 'Rory' Everett

As the characters are from the first book of the serial, I'd love to read either off-shots of that, or any potential stories from anytime after that book (Commit to the Kick) ended. 
I love to see my fav characters happy, so if you choose this fandom, as much fluff as possible is ideal :)

DNW: anything that'd fall under the major AO3 warnings, unhappy endings. Preferably no smut (especially not Rory, as he's ace). 
Do want: fluff. 
squicks: in Dear Author letter

Letter: http://froggydarren.tumblr.com/yuletideletter


Request 3 by froggydarren
Ally McBeal (TV) 
Ally McBeal, Larry Paul

Oh man, these two. They were one of my early OTPs, and I'll forever mourn that they didn't get their happy ending and that Larry didn't return. So, if you'd like to make that happen (the return, mostly, within canon or AU, I'm not picky), I'd love that. 
Or, anything Larry-centric, past or present or post-canon.

&nbsp;

DNW: anything that'd fall under the major AO3 warnings, unhappy endings.
Do want: Larry coming back, fluff. 
squicks: in Dear Author letter.

Letter: http://froggydarren.tumblr.com/yuletideletter


Request 4 by froggydarren
Hello - Adele (Song) 

The lyrics of this song always made me think of the possible stories behind it, and the stories that it might bring up in people's minds. And of course, stories that it could inspire in fandoms and with characters that one loves. 
I would like to read a story inspired by the lyrics, whether one based on one of my fandoms (like any of the ones from my other prompts) or one completely unrelated. If you'd want to write about one of your own fandoms or characters, that's perfectly cool :) 

If you manage to include a happy end despite the lyrics, it would be amazing (but very optional, obviously).

Letter: http://froggydarren.tumblr.com/yuletideletter


***

Request 1 by frogy
The Amberlough Dossier Series - Lara Elena Donnelly 
Cyril DePaul, Aristide Makricosta

The line that absolutely killed me in the book was "If Cyril was going to come by conventional means, two weeks was more than enough time. If he was going to arrive via miracle, none of Aristide’s actions would hinder him."

The thing I want most is years and cities later, they run into each other and some utterly mundane pop into a coffee shop or standing on a subway platform becomes that miracle.

Alternatively, I would also enjoy something pre-series about how they meet or them being giddy in the early flush of their relationship.

Want: Happiness
Do not wants: non-canonical deaths, non-canonical babies, non-con, AUs

Letter: http://nervous-breakdown-hat.tumblr.com/post/166056557070/


Request 2 by frogy
Looking for Group - Alexis Hall 

There are a lot of ways this request could go.

First, more adorable dramatic romantic gestures on the part of Drew and/or Kit. My kingdom of something where they go sit on a rock "fishing" and looking at the moon IRL. Adorable romantic gestures would also be good for a 5+1 fic format.

Second, I want Drew to meet all the main characters IRL, because it's easy for him to say he's going to stop caring what people think of him, but a lot harder to do that. Also, these are Kit's friends and he wants Kit's friends to like him. This goes a zillion times more with Drew meeting Jacob.

Third, sort of going off of that, I would love a story about Kit and Jacob's friendship. In the book Kit is pretty well adjusted and even-keeled, but you get a sense that he wasn't, and I want to see a younger, messier Kit meeting Jacob and looking up to this well-adjusted, married, gay gamer. Especially if Jacob looks back at Kit and is a little baffled by the mentor/role-model thing because his life is pretty messy. Jacob was in the US military under DADT, at some point got out, married a guy, had kids, emigrated to Germany, etc. 

Want: Happiness
Do not wants: non-canonical deaths, non-canonical babies, non-con, AUs

Letter: http://nervous-breakdown-hat.tumblr.com/post/166056557070/


Request 3 by frogy
Cyclone Series - Courtney Milan 
Blake Reynolds, Adam Reynolds (Cyclone Series), Peter (Cyclone Series)

I would love something where a less polished, middle-school-aged Blake looks to Peter for something fatherly.

Want: Happiness
Do not wants: non-canonical deaths, non-canonical babies, non-con, AUs

Letter: http://nervous-breakdown-hat.tumblr.com/post/166056557070/


Request 4 by frogy
The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue Series - Mackenzi Lee 
Percy Newton, Henry "Monty" Montague

I spent most of this book thinking I was reading a romance novel, and only realized it was YA when I got to the end and there was no sex. If you like writing sex, I would love to read about them finally banging.

Other things: what do they do for jobs? I want this to be realistic for the time period but am too lazy to do the historical research myself. Or does Monty's final letter to his father read like blackmail to his dad, so he keeps supporting them?

Other other thing: The Goblin goes looking for his brother, Monty, years later. Not sure how that falls with the whole Napoleon thing, maybe young British men are no longer going to Europe for a joy ride? Or if the Goblin going to them doesn't make sense, maybe Monty's father dies and the Goblin asks Monty to come home for something related to that. I'm a sucker for stories where well-adjusted adults are called back to the scene of their terrible childhood for ~reasons.

Want: Happiness
Do not wants: non-canonical deaths (with the exception of the one I've suggested), non-canonical babies, non-con, AUs

Letter: http://nervous-breakdown-hat.tumblr.com/post/166056557070/


Request 5 by frogy
In Other Lands - Sarah Rees Brennan 
Luke Sunborn (In Other Lands), Elliot Schafer (In Other Lands)

I want the awkward 5+1 story where Luke or Elliot are moping around the Sunborn home because the other is off on some battle or diplomatic mission respectively, and whoever's there has to explain to various Sunborn relatives that sleeping with someone else won't actually cheer them up, that Luke and Elliot are monogamous. 

I love all the other characters too, so if my prompt doesn't work, I also like adventures with Luke and Elliot and Serene and Golden.

Want: Happiness
Do not wants: non-canonical deaths (with the exception of the one I've suggested), non-canonical babies, non-con, AUs

Letter: http://nervous-breakdown-hat.tumblr.com/post/166056557070/


Request 6 by frogy
The Turner Series - Cat Sebastian 

Simon has the weirdest, most confusing family in the world. What does he make of Radnor and Georgie (and the dog) and of Courtenay and Julian? 

Other things I would love: any situation where Radnor's giant dog interrupts Radnor and Georgie having sex and/or cuddling.

Other other things: Julian and Courtenay and kittens. Also I was so into all Julian's business competency, so anything where he runs Courtenay's estate.

Want: Happiness
Do not wants: non-canonical deaths, non-canonical babies (although I guess Julian's sister can have kids and that would be okay), non-con, AUs

Letter: http://nervous-breakdown-hat.tumblr.com/post/166056557070/


***

Request 1 by Frostfire
The Mrs Bradley Mysteries 
Adela Bradley, George Moody

See my letter for details!

Letter: http://frostfire.dreamwidth.org/151696.html


Request 2 by Frostfire
Books of the Raksura - Martha Wells 
Moon (Books of the Raksura)

See my letter for details!

Letter: http://frostfire.dreamwidth.org/151696.html


Request 3 by Frostfire
Venus in Fur - Ives 
Thomas Novachek (Venus in Fur), Vanda Jordan

See my letter for details!

Letter: http://frostfire.dreamwidth.org/151696.html


Request 4 by Frostfire
Stardew Valley (Video Game) 
Male Player (Stardew Valley)

See my letter for details!

Letter: http://frostfire.dreamwidth.org/151696.html


***

Request 1 by FujurPreux
Hot Fuzz (2007) 
Nicholas Angel, Danny Butterman

All genres and all ratings are good. Gen is great and paring them up would be just as great.

DNW: Scat, golden showers, necrophilia.


Request 2 by FujurPreux
Arrested Development 
George Oscar "Gob" Bluth, Tony Wonder

I would love it if they were paired up, but gen is fine too. Any and all ratings welcome!

DNW: Scat, golden showers, necrophilia.


Request 3 by FujurPreux
Brave Police J-Decker 
Shadowmaru (Brave Police J-Decker), Duke (Brave Police J-Decker)

All genres and all ratings are good. Gen is preferable but not mandatory. 

DNW: Scat, golden showers, necrophilia.


Request 4 by FujurPreux
Lilo & Stitch (2002) 
Nani Pelekai, Lilo Pelekai

Other characters showing up is ok. All genres are welcome. 

DNW: Scat, golden showers, necrophilia, incest.


***

Request 1 by furiosity
ボールルームへようこそ | Ballroom e Youkoso 
Hiyama Chinatsu, Hanaoka Shizuku, Hongou Chizuru

I'd like to read about these women's lives and relationships outside of their dance pairs, particularly their relationships with each other, now and in the past (or future!). I requested all of them, but it's totally fine to focus on just one.

DNW: Focusing on romantic/sexual feelings towards male dance partners: as far as I'm concerned these women are all gay and I'm not here for fanfic where they aren't. You don't need to write them as gay if that's not how you read them, just leave romance/sex out, please. Also please no underage sex or kinks of any sort, particularly rape, and I *really* don't care for "she was raped in the past, that's why she's so ___________" narratives.


Request 2 by furiosity
Shoujo Shuumatsu Ryokou | Girls' Last Tour 
Yuuri (Girls' Last Tour), Chito (Girls' Last Tour)

Chito and Yuuri's extended backstories interest me the most, especially if contrasted against their current lives. I requested both, but a story about either one of them would be lovely.

DNW: Underage sex, heterosexual sex, kinks of any sort, especially not rape (not mentioning rape at all in any context would be grand). Their world is already plenty bleak, so NGL a fic with a tragic ending would be disappointing.


Request 3 by furiosity
Fallout 3 
Sarah Lyons (Fallout 3), Star Paladin Cross (Fallout 3)

I'm really curious about their relationship with each other during Sarah's childhood and adolescence, and about how Cross dealt with Sarah's death so soon after her father's.

DNW: Underage sex, heterosexual sex, kinks of any sort, especially not anything resembling rape.


***

Request 1 by FuzzyBlueStockings
Academy Awards RPF 

The 1951 Oscars in New York

Letter: http://illhaveanoldfashioned.tumblr.com/post/165990897243/oscars-glamour-in-hollywoods-golden-age


Request 2 by FuzzyBlueStockings
The Shop Around the Corner (1940) 
Alfred Kralik, Klara Novak

A continuation fic, please? I have an idea of Klara and Alfred Kralik resettling in the United States, where they still bicker and tweak each other without mercy. Outsiders do not understand that that's the way they show they love each other.


Request 3 by FuzzyBlueStockings
Philadelphia Story (1940) 
Tracy Lord, C.K. Dexter Haven, Macaulay Connor, Elizabeth Imbrie

A Dinner Party. Two Couples. Champagne. The revealing of awkward truths ensues.


***