Request 1 by iberiandoctor (jehane18)
Ysabel - Guy Gavriel Kay 
Ned Marriner, Ysabel (Ysabel), Melanie (Ysabel)
Letter: http://iberiandoctor.dreamwidth.org/35840.html


Request 2 by iberiandoctor (jehane18)
Anastasia - Flaherty/Ahrens/McNally 
Gleb Vaganov (Flaherty/Ahrens/McNally)
Letter: http://iberiandoctor.dreamwidth.org/35840.html


Request 3 by iberiandoctor (jehane18)
Battlestar Galactica (1978) 
Apollo (BSG 1978), Starbuck (BSG 1978)
Letter: http://iberiandoctor.dreamwidth.org/35840.html


Request 4 by iberiandoctor (jehane18)
The Sandman (Comics) 
Dream of the Endless | Morpheus
Letter: http://iberiandoctor.dreamwidth.org/35840.html


Request 5 by iberiandoctor (jehane18)
Moonlight (2016) 
Chiron (Moonlight), Kevin (Moonlight)
Letter: http://iberiandoctor.dreamwidth.org/35840.html


Request 6 by iberiandoctor (jehane18)
The Lions of Al-Rassan - Guy Gavriel Kay 
Ammar ibn Khairan, Rodrigo Belmonte
Letter: http://iberiandoctor.dreamwidth.org/35840.html


***

Request 1 by icandrawamoth
Figure Skating RPF 
Jason Brown (Figure Skating RPF), Nathan Chen (Figure Skating RPF), Karen Chen (Figure Skating RPF), Mariah Bell (Figure Skating RPF)
Letter: http://katieattherink.tumblr.com/post/166199693597/dear-yuletide-author


Request 2 by icandrawamoth
Being Human (US/Canada) 
Letter: http://katieattherink.tumblr.com/post/166199693597/dear-yuletide-author


Request 3 by icandrawamoth
Pokemon GO 
Blanche (Pokemon), Candela (Pokemon), Spark (Pokemon)
Letter: http://katieattherink.tumblr.com/post/166199693597/dear-yuletide-author


Request 4 by icandrawamoth
Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator 
Dadsona (Dream Daddy), Craig Cahn, Damien Bloodmarch, Joseph Christiansen
Letter: http://katieattherink.tumblr.com/post/166199693597/dear-yuletide-author


***

Request 1 by idareu2bme
Misfits (TV 2009) 
Simon Bellamy, Nathan Young

Please no vomiting / sick fic. I struggle daily with extreme emetophobia, anxiety, and OCD all related to my fear of vomiting and health issues. Also, please no pwp, non-con, underage, incest, or hard kinks.

Letter: http://dareu2beme.livejournal.com/68446.html


Request 2 by idareu2bme
Shetland (TV) 
Jimmy Perez, Duncan Hunter

Please no vomiting / sick fic. I struggle daily with extreme emetophobia, anxiety, and OCD all related to my fear of vomiting and health issues. Also, please no pwp, non-con, underage, incest, or hard kinks.

Letter: http://dareu2beme.livejournal.com/68446.html


Request 3 by idareu2bme
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency (TV 2016) 
Todd Brotzman, Dirk Gently

Please no vomiting / sick fic. I struggle daily with extreme emetophobia, anxiety, and OCD all related to my fear of vomiting and health issues. Also, please no pwp, non-con, underage, incest, or hard kinks.

Letter: http://dareu2beme.livejournal.com/68446.html


***

Request 1 by ideallyqualia
Granblue Fantasy (Video Game) 

My ships: Any female character with any other female character; any male character with any other male character; Djeeta with anyone (including het). Ship specific prompts in letter.

I prefer Djeeta and Lyria be 18 years old or older, especially if you're writing romance; I personally see them with these ages. I don't care which name you use for Siete and Song, go ahead and use Seofon if you want. Also, I watched the anime, and I love how Djeeta was shown as strong and effortlessly dispatches enemies, so if you don't know how to interpret Djeeta's character, you can use that. I'm not far enough in the main story to know who Cain and Reinhardtzar are (I'm on chapter 79), but I don't mind spoilers. I also don't know much about Siete or Song since I haven't unlocked any guild wars characters yet, but from what I've heard Siete is absolutely insufferable and entertaining, so if you have any characterization to offer (for Song too), I'd be happy to receive it.

I want to see how Lucifer handles being in the crew, since I imagine that's a completely new situation for him compared to his usual stuff. He probably sneaks off to go do primal beast duties/stuff -- what does that entail? Lucifer is both a playable char and a summon -- how does that work?

How does the crew tolerate Sandalphon, especially when he first joins the crew? (One take I'd appreciate is if you go canon divergent and make it so that Lucifer doesn't absorb him; if you can come up with other ways to have him join the crew, be my guest, I'd love to see how that happens.)

Canon divergent AU: a world where Sandalphon had won. Does the world collapse without the primarchs? If it does, I think the world might devolve to the apocalypse. I'd also love this with any Sandalphon ship.

Fenrir's life. What is it like before/with Loki? Does she try to escape? Does she sneak off to go anywhere (like during Walder's event)?

Canon divergent AU -- Bowman doesn't exist, and Ayer is still into battling a lot (While I like Bowman, I'm personally not really a fan of having Bowman be his main reason for going so hardcore for battles.) I'd also love this for an Ayer ship. 

I am very into birds, so if you somehow make Lucifer a cockatoo of some kind/Percival a rooster/someone else a bird, I would love you. I wouldn't mind throwing in Mahira and/or Nezahualpilli too somehow. Bonus: Vyrn is actually a weird bird, and not a dragon at all. Is this better or worse than being called a lizard all the time?

Bowman is such a mystery to me. Where did he come from?

In Granblues, there's a panel where Percival makes Ange his symbol or spokeswoman or something (I'm so sorry for not remembering which panel it was). How does this work out? 

Why is Djeeta so special? What if she doesn't have a father after all -- what if someone had manipulated the entire world (a primal beast maybe) into imagining him? Breaking the 4th wall encouraged, as well as ideas such as Re:Creators (that one anime where animanga and video games have real worlds, and their creators are considered gods for creating the worlds/characters). This is the niche obscure prompt of my heart so I will absolutely love any take on this. I also encourage this as a ship prompt for any ship.

Letter: http://ideallyqualia.dreamwidth.org/16350.html


Request 2 by ideallyqualia
BIRDMEN - 田辺イエロウ | Tanabe Yellow 

My ships: Any character with any other character, excluding het. Ship specific prompts in letter.

Prompt: Robin's blackout monster is a variation of Arthur somehow.

Another prompt: characters doing bird things. Maybe they can do things like molt. Can they talk to birds? Do they attempt to use their brainpower to control birds? I imagine they attract birds often. Who likes birds, and who doesn't?

Takayama's reaction to Irene joining the group -- what's that like? 

Canon rewrite: Eden doesn't exist, and seraphs are a supernatural phenomenon. I leave the details up to you: Are they rare, then? Does the rarity encourage the group to become superheroes?

I don't know how it'd be possible to bring Arthur back, but I'll be damned if I don't one day see a work of him coming back to life when his last name is literally phoenix. This prompt would also be good for an Arthur ship.

Letter: http://ideallyqualia.dreamwidth.org/16350.html


Request 3 by ideallyqualia
Little Witch Academia 

My ships: Any of the Luna Nova girls with each other; Chariot/Croix. Ship specific prompts in letter.

I absolutely love a cute world of magic where witches take center stage. What specifically do they learn at school? Do they take field trips? Where? Do they visit other witch schools? Do they have the magical equivalent of college? 

Looking at post-canon, what does Akko do with her new world magic? What are the consequences of the last episode -- is the magic of the earth replenished? Are sorcery stones unnecessary now? Does magic make a comeback across the world? Is her Chariot-induced handicap gone now, and can she use magic normally, on a level of others like Diana? Does Croix discover a cure for Chariot? 

Sucy didn't sound like she absolutely needed to go to school for her goals; she just loves potions, mushrooms, and the like. Does she develop other interests? Is there a reason she keeps going to the academy? Does she prank/experiment on other girls? How're her grades? 

...Does Lotte ever write fanfiction? 

Rewrite canon: what if Akko learned early on that Ursula was actually chariot?

More canon rewriting: Why was Chariot not able to break the seal on Grand Triskellion? Or what if she did? (Or what if Croix did? And what if all these possibilities cross into the canon timeline somehow?) 

Explore canon/worldbuilding on your own: can people like Andrew use magic now that the Grand Triskellion is unsealed? Do more magical creatures appear? Where did they come from -- was there a boundary between worlds that was blocked by the seal? Are new types/species of creatures discovered?

Letter: http://ideallyqualia.dreamwidth.org/16350.html


Request 4 by ideallyqualia
Bravely Second (Video Game) 
Janne Angard (Bravely Second), Yew Geneolgia (Bravely Second)

My ships: Janne/Yew.

Janne Angard/Yew Geneolgia:

What if the plot continues over and over (either like the first game, or like madoka magica, or another take; I know the actual game kind of does this, but it only did it once)? Do Janne's feelings about being on the kaiser's side change because of it? Do his feelings also change towards romance for Yew (or maybe his romantic feelings just become more direct)? If he dies in any of the worlds, how does Yew react? Does Janne's death somehow affect a future version of his own self?

Going with a similar prompt of multiple worlds -- what if Yew was thrown through multiple universes (make up your own reason)? Is Janne always human in each one? What if he was a dragon/other mystical creature in one or some?

Canon divergent AU -- What if Yew joined Janne's side? How does this affect canon? Does he still end up stopping the Kaiser by meeting him anyway? Or what if Janne dragged Yew into their side -- either as an accomplice or prisoner?

Exploring canon -- what if Janne tries meeting up with Yew several times? Do they do it in secret? Do they fight? Does it change anything?

AU in the same world of Luxendarc -- werewolf!Janne. Yew lives in an ordinary village in this world, and he becomes the villager that visits Janne often and feeds him. Maybe he sympathizes with Janne (probably). Do the other villagers try to make Yew stop, afraid of Janne? Do canon events still happen?

In canon, the heroes cross into a second world to stop the kaiser right when he tries abducting Agnes. Do the consequences of the other world/the past spring up as feelings in Janne? Does he somehow remember what happened, or does he sense it and not know what it means? 

Does Janne regret the betrayal in the second world? Do they try to work through it?

Letter: http://ideallyqualia.dreamwidth.org/16350.html


Request 5 by ideallyqualia
Magical Girl Raising Project (Light Novels) 

My ships: Mana/7753, Clantail/Pechika. Ship specific prompts in letter.

I've read the light novels, and I'm all caught up on them, so if you want to refer to further canon, I won't be spoiled. I don't mind which versions of names you use for characters (for example, Cranberry or Clamberry).

What if all the Unmarked girls survived from individual Clamberry tests, had their memories erased, and then became the ones to participate in the Restart game? (So the roles of Restart and Unmarked swap.)

I'd love to see alternate endings/canon divergence for what happened in Restart or Limited. What if everyone in Restart had figured out early that they had to defeat the demon lord? What if Shadow Gale's magic could do something to the cyperspace world Keek had created?

Also, the prompts from the anime version also apply here.

Letter: http://ideallyqualia.dreamwidth.org/16350.html


Request 6 by ideallyqualia
魔法少女育成計画 | Mahou Shoujo Ikusei Keikaku | Magical Girl Raising Project (Anime) 

My ships: Hardgore Alice/Snow White or Sister Nana/Weiss Winterprison. Ship specific prompts in letter.

Possible AUs: other magical girl animanga, mermaid(s), dragon(s), witch(es), fantasy AU (like princess or princesses)/other kind of magical AU (like a mythical creature such as unicorn/kami/etc) 

I really enjoyed the clever use of magical powers in this series. What other sorts of circumstances can come up where these characters must use their power in a new way? What about canon divergence - what if Tama figured out early that her power is dangerous, and can be used for fighting? What if Ruler feared her, then? Since I'm a self-indulgent sucker, here's more canon divergence to consider: what if Tama, Hardgore Alice, and/or Top Speed survived? How would that happen? What if they stopped Clamberry? Feel free to involve other characters too, I love them all, even Swim Swim!

I think the potential for AUs here is high. What if someone's power (an OC maybe) sent the girls to an AU? Or what if they lived in an AU where they're all witches/mermaids/other magical creatures and each one of them is a unique form of that species? (For example, they're all witches, and maybe one is a fire witch, another an ice witch, another a witch that can only read the minds of birds, other weird oddly specific powers, etc.) 

I'd love to see alternative endings/canon divergence. I think any of the girls could've died in other ways.

I'd also love an AU where they become magical girls without this death game. What if one of the other girls had been the gamemaster, and Cranberry had been an ordinary participant?

(The next prompt references light novel characters that happen after the anime) 

How would these girls feel/react when they discovered the truth about magical girls - that the Land of Magic exists, and that there are tons of magical girls out there? (Unmarked girls only knew about their city, after all.) How would the girls react to specific magical girls from other arcs? Would they hate them? Would they feel cheated that magical girls aren't the righteous heroes they thought they were?

If you can come up with your own canon divergence ideas, I'd love to read them, too. This series is perfect for canon divergence. Swap powers/roles however you like.

Letter: http://ideallyqualia.dreamwidth.org/16350.html


***

Request 1 by idleflower
Taiyou no Ko Esteban | Les Mystérieuses Cités d'or | The Mysterious Cities of Gold 
Esteban (Taiyou no Ko Esteban), Zia (Taiyou no Ko Esteban), Tao (Taiyou no Ko Esteban)

It's okay to leave Tao out if you're focusing on an Esteban/Zia romance.

Letter: http://idle-flower.tumblr.com/post/166023107379/dear-yuletide-author


Request 2 by idleflower
The Velvet Room - Zilpha Keatley Snyder 
Robin Williams (The Velvet Room), Gwen McCurdy
Letter: http://idle-flower.tumblr.com/post/166023107379/dear-yuletide-author


Request 3 by idleflower
Exiles Saga and Galactic Milieu - Julian May 
Felice Landry
Letter: http://idle-flower.tumblr.com/post/166023107379/dear-yuletide-author


Request 4 by idleflower
Shoujo Kakumei Utena | Revolutionary Girl Utena 
Kaoru Kozue

NO SEX BETWEEN KOZUE AND MIKI. She can pursue him, but he should reject her. This is one goal I want her to remain frustrated in.

Letter: http://idle-flower.tumblr.com/post/166023107379/dear-yuletide-author


***

Request 1 by ijemanja
Alien: Resurrection (1997) 
Ellen Ripley (Alien: Resurrection), Annalee Call (Alien: Resurrection)

I'd really enjoy seeing a story where Ripley and Call work together, infiltrating a military lab or taking out an alien infestation or just basically being badass monster-fighting space heroes together? Or the one where they are on the run together from the company/military/whoever wants Ripley's alien DNA post-Resurrection. I adore the fake relationship trope - maybe they have to pretend to be married to help keep their cover? Or really anything that includes Ripley and Call bonding over their lack of humanity, even as they find it in each other. Bonus for all the you-and-me-against-the-world goodness you can squeeze in here. I would love an intense hurt/comforty trope fest. Or some kind of AU - demon hunters? biker gang? steampunk? anything? - if there's one you'd like to write, then please feel free! 

For more prompts and further details please see my letter!

For this request I Do Not Want: underage sex, harm to animals, character bashing, body fluid kinks, rape/non-con 

I'd also prefer no unexpected crossovers, thanks. If I didn't request it, I don't want it. And I'd rather not see any non-canon background pairings, or any focus on unrequested ships in general.

Letter: http://ijemanja.dreamwidth.org/369.html


Request 2 by ijemanja
Cinderella (1950) 
Lady Tremaine (Cinderella (1950)), Cinderella (Cinderella 1950)

I am after fucked up femslash for this request! With all the messed up incesty power-abuse vibes you want to include. 

Lady Tremaine is horrible and cruel towards Cinderella in canon. Please take that and run with it. What if she makes Cinderella service her sexually? What if she punishes Cinderella for her transgressions in various sexually sadistic ways? What if it involves a whole lot of spanking and object insertion? Perhaps Lady Tremaine goes all out with creepy, abusive grooming and manipulation in order to turn her step-daughter into a very obedient little sex slave. Cinderella is so nice and good and eager to please, after all...

For more prompts and further details please see my letter!

For this request I Do Not Want: underage sex, harm to animals, character bashing, body fluid kinks

I'd also prefer no unexpected crossovers, thanks. If I didn't request it, I don't want it. And I'd rather not see any non-canon background pairings, or any focus on unrequested ships in general.

Letter: http://ijemanja.dreamwidth.org/369.html


Request 3 by ijemanja
臥虎藏龍 | Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon (Movies) 
Li Mu Bai (Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon), Yu Shu Lien (Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon)

Please write me allll the longing and UST and guilty secret pining. Maybe the moment one or both realised their feelings were requited? Or a moment they came very close to giving in to their feelings. Or a version of events where they did give in to their feelings, and then had to deal with the consequences. Or that time on the road when they had to share a bedroll/huddle for warmth/there was only one room at the inn and all those repressed feelings went through the roof. Or Shu-Lien caring for an injured Mu-Bai while he recovers at the training house? An arranged marriage AU would also be more than welcome here.

Note: I don't like ghost/afterlife romances, so no ghost!Mu-Bai, please, or stories where they end up together in heaven. I would prefer any story to be set either pre-canon, or post-canon with an AU ending where everyone lives.

For more prompts and further details please see my letter!

For this request I Do Not Want: underage sex, harm to animals, character bashing, body fluid kinks, rape/non-con 

I'd also prefer no unexpected crossovers, thanks. If I didn't request it, I don't want it. And I'd rather not see any non-canon background pairings, or any focus on unrequested ships in general.

Letter: http://ijemanja.dreamwidth.org/369.html


Request 4 by ijemanja
Der 90. Geburtstag | Dinner for One (1963) 
James (Dinner for One), Sophie (Dinner for One)

Okay, I have questions! How exactly was this procedure established? When did James start filling in for the absent gentlemen? Did Sophie's friends ever exist at all?? What is the morning after like every year - is it back to business as usual or is there a procedure for waking up in bed together, too, which is just as strictly followed? Does it involve Miss Sophie helping to nurse James' shocking hangover?  I would be very interested in the answers to any or all of these questions.

For more prompts and further details please see my letter!

For this request I Do Not Want: underage sex, harm to animals, character bashing, body fluid kinks, rape/non-con 

I'd also prefer no unexpected crossovers, thanks. If I didn't request it, I don't want it. And I'd rather not see any non-canon background pairings, or any focus on unrequested ships in general.

Letter: http://ijemanja.dreamwidth.org/369.html


***

Request 1 by illumynare
Destiny (Video Game) 
Failsafe (Destiny), Suraya Hawthorne, Ikora Rey, Ghost (Destiny)
Letter: http://illumynare.livejournal.com/2784.html


Request 2 by illumynare
Monument Valley 2 (Video Game) 
Ro's Child (Monument Valley 2), Ro (Monument Valley 2)
Letter: http://illumynare.livejournal.com/2784.html


Request 3 by illumynare
Jupiter Ascending (2015) 
Jupiter Jones (Jupiter Ascending), Caine Wise
Letter: http://illumynare.livejournal.com/2784.html


***

Request 1 by imaginarycircus
Venetia - Georgette Heyer 
Jasper Damerel, Venetia Lanyon

I am a broken record and every year I ask for the same thing. Tell me what happens after the fade to black in the dining room. Or tell me anything that happens after. There can never be a post-ending Venetia fics.

Letter: http://imaginarycircus.tumblr.com/post/166201921799/dear-yuletide-author


Request 2 by imaginarycircus
Austin & Murry-O'Keefe Families - Madeleine L'Engle 
Vicky Austin, Adam Eddington
Letter: http://imaginarycircus.tumblr.com/post/166201921799/dear-yuletide-author


Request 3 by imaginarycircus
Pushing Daisies 
Ned (Pushing Daisies), Charlotte "Chuck" Charles, Emerson Cod, Olive Snook
Letter: http://imaginarycircus.tumblr.com/post/166201921799/dear-yuletide-author


Request 4 by imaginarycircus
Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks - E. Lockhart 
Frankie Landau-Banks, Alessandro "Alpha" Tesorieri

***

Request 1 by Imkerin
Bayern Munich RPF 
Miroslav Klose (Bayern Munich RPF)

I know Miro is under Bayern RPF but please feel free to write about any club Miro's been at/any time period you want, from Kaiserslautern to coach. Likewise, I will ship him with literally anyone you feel inclined to write about, but I'm also cool with gen. You can include WAGs if you want, or not if you'd rather not - it doesn't bother me either way.  I'm particularly fond of Miro/Thomas Mueller and Miro/Lukas Podolski, but really - anyone...or everyone...

No Miro death or serious-injury pls, and I'd really prefer a happy ending (huehue) but other than that I have no DNWs. 

Plot-wise, I always enjoy slice of life or fix-it, supernatural type AUs where it begins mundane and then things get Weird, canon-divergence aus (what if Dortmund had bought Miro like they were trying to?), stories about how characters adjust to big changes in life (moving internationally, retiring, having kids, etc).  Something that hasn't been done much for Miro that might be really interesting is something about his really early career, since he got started a bit unusually late - what was it like, knowing that he really was going to make it as a pro?


Request 2 by Imkerin
Juventus F.C. RPF 
Gianluigi Buffon (Juventus F.C. RPF)

I'm mostly into shipping Gigi with Juventus-the-club-as-a-gijinka. I know that is kind of weird and I'm really, really happy with gen too - just no heavy focus on other ships, please. (Actual or invented WAGs or briefly mentioned casual encounters with anyone are fine, but if you'd rather just avoid it all together that's cool too).

Some ideas for fic, if you'd like prompts: Anything about calciopoli, about Gigi deciding to stay, or about the season they were down, would be really interesting. I'd love to get into his head about what any of that felt like, personally or professionally.

Anything about his gk rituals, his goalpost poetry, his thing for carbonara, whatever kinds of quirk elaborations you can think of. Invent some more, exaggerate existing ones, or be realistic - all good. 

I'm always in for time travel, especially meeting one's older/younger self, or any other magic-y/supernatural kind of au. A dimension hopping one exploring different outcomes/"canon divergence aus" (kind of weird to phrase this about rpf, but you understand what I mean) could be cool too. Or, more normally, just any kind of fix-it fic. Give Gigi last year's CL trophy pls.

Also, I'm still totally, *totally* weirded out by Hoewedes being at Juve so you could throw me an emotional bone if you have any strong feelings on how he's doing there and a good place to put them in. Gigi welcome wagon or something, idk.


Request 3 by Imkerin
Shakespeare RPF | Elizabethan & Jacobean Theater RPF 
Christopher Marlowe (Shakespeare RPF)

I only really have two DNWs here: no modern AUs and no onscreen Kit death pls.  (It doesn't have to be Kit *lives*/true fix-it fic, although I do love that -- you can just set it earlier, etc, and I don't mind Foreshadowing Of Doom -- just no actual death in fic.)  Any ship or gen is fine for me here, and a lot of nice healthy sin and blasphemy in either would be perfect. I'm totally ok with whatever register/style you'd like to use for the writing.

Plot-wise, I love super fanciful unlikely spy intrigue fic as well as everyday playwright slice of life -- take it all the way in either direction or somewhere in the middle. Also would be really into supernatural/magic au - maybe half-crossovers with witches or faerie or something influencing events in London or Deptford?


***

Request 1 by impertinence
The Good Place (TV) 
Eleanor Shellstrop, Tahani Al-Jamil, Chidi Anagonye

Likes: pining, repression, magic tropes (anything from soulbonding to werewolves to 'so and so is a witch', I love it all), situational comedy, hurt/comfort, angst with a happy ending

DNW: Non-con, non-canonical relative death, body fluid kink (ie watersports)

The Good Place! I am a shipper for this fandom, I love all combinations of Tahani, Eleanor, and Chidi, including an OT3 - but I also love the world and the plot we've seen so far, and I would be equally happy with episodic fic or uhhhh all of them banging. My favorite thing about S2 has been seeing the repetitions of their neuroses and weak points playing out - Tahani's competitiveness, Eleanor's terrible-person-ness, Chidi's indecision, etc. So, anything really that highlights and elaborates on the character bits we get in canon would be great. Prompt-wise, obviously this canon is ripe for the magical tropey stuff I mentioned in my likes, so if you wrote, say, Chidi wakes up in bed with Eleanor and Tahani and that's the start of one of the iterations: BEAUTIFUL. Eleanor and Tahani get psychic powers? Perfect. Michael gives Chidi superpowers and Chidi tortures himself worrying about the ethical implications of vigilantism in the afterlife? LOVE IT.

Letter: http://stopthatimp.tumblr.com/tagged/yuletide%20letter


Request 2 by impertinence
Six of Crows Series - Leigh Bardugo 
Nina Zenik, Inej Ghafa, Kaz Brekker

Likes: pining, repression, magic tropes (anything from soulbonding to werewolves to 'so and so is a witch', I love it all), situational comedy, hurt/comfort, angst with a happy ending

DNW: Non-con, non-canonical relative death, body fluid kink (ie watersports)

Things I love about Six of Crows: he pulpiness, the drama, the HEISTS - it's my ideal casual reading, basically. One of my favorite things about the books is the way everyone has DEEP PATHOS that uhhh frequently intersects with their feelings, such as Kaz's intense issues with touch, or Inej and Nina's shared past. I would love character fic focusing on any of the three of them, really, but I do also ship Kaz/Inej and Nina/Inej, so if either of those are also your ships - go nuts. Kaz is almost certainly a virgin and probably cries during sex, in my opinion, so should that interpretation spark your interest, please feel free to elaborate. (If you have a different take, I am very interested in that too!) I'd also totally read a getting-the-gang-back-together style post-canon fic where they do one more heist, or Nina's struggles with jurda parem/the aftereffects. It seems like there's basically infinite variety to this universe, and anything you want to do with it would be delightful for me.

Letter: http://stopthatimp.tumblr.com/tagged/yuletide%20letter


Request 3 by impertinence
The Queen's Thief - Megan Whalen Turner 
Eugenides (Queen's Thief), Attolia (Queen's Thief), Costis (Queen's Thief), Kamet (Queen's Thief)

Likes: pining, repression, magic tropes (anything from soulbonding to werewolves to 'so and so is a witch', I love it all), situational comedy, hurt/comfort, angst with a happy ending

DNW: Non-con, non-canonical relative death, body fluid kink (ie watersports)

This is my ultimate book fandom. I love the world, I love the characters, I love MWT's writing style, I was SHOCKED by how much I loved Thick As Thieves and Kamet himself. I am definitely into Kamet/Costis, so if that's your jam, go for it, and I ship Gen/Irene as much as the next right-thinking person whose ideas of romance were warped at a tender age by the second book. Having said that, one of the things that I love about the books is how they have this over-arching feeling of buildup - the arc of Eugenides becoming king of kings, obviously, but also the Mede, the details of other countries, the hints at cataclysm to come, and so on. I would welcome any and all exploration of the world and the characters; Kamet in particular is someone whose past fascinates me, and who I'd read tons of backstory about. I would also love glimpses into Eugenides and Irene's married life, anything from straight-up porn to the more difficult parts of their marriage (like Irene's miscarriage) - I love it all.

Letter: http://stopthatimp.tumblr.com/tagged/yuletide%20letter


***

Request 1 by impertinency
The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue Series - Mackenzi Lee 
Henry "Monty" Montague, Percy Newton

I honestly adore everything about this book, and I'll be happy with anything that stays true to the tone and characterizations. I'd love to see some fic of Monty and Percy's interactions before the events of the book or some future fic. Have they settled somewhere? Are they traveling the rest of the world? Do they get into more adventures? How are they dealing with everything that happened?

Something from Percy's POV (before the book, during the book, afterwards) would be wonderful. Or a canon divergence fic - maybe they confessed their feelings in Paris, maybe they got their act together and ran away before they even left England, etc. Anything that explores the queer culture of the period would be great (this pairing is prime for exploring the hidden pubs/clubs/etc. where they can go and be together as queer men in the early 1700s). Just give me some happy, ridiculous adventures about these two.

Triggers: rape, spanking/beating/whipping, abuse (sexual, physical, verbal), animal abuse (especially dogs), eye injuries or mutilation, infertility. I have a HUGE snake phobia, so please avoid any unnecessary mention of snakes.

DNW: modern day AUs, crossovers, character bashing, self-harm, really bleak endings, major character death, issue fic, author insert/soapboxing, or personal identity headcanons. And please no erasing Monty's bisexuality!

Letter: http://impertinency.dreamwidth.org/305.html


Request 2 by impertinency
Gemma Doyle Trilogy - Libba Bray 
Gemma Doyle, Kartik (Gemma Doyle Trilogy), Felicity Worthington, Pippa Cross

You don't have to write about all four characters. I do ship Gemma/Kartik and Felicity/Pippa, but these books hold a special place in my heart and I'd be happy with any of the characters you want to write about. Anything that stays true to the world of the books is great, and backstory or POV fic about Kartik, Felicity, and Pippa is also welcome!

Future fic of Gemma and/or Felicity would be amazing. How's Gemma doing at college? Does Felicity go to Paris and meet other ladies like her? Do they write to each other? Do they ever get over the loss of their first loves? Do they visit the realms again? Do they meet up and go see one of Ann's plays?

Fix-it or canon divergence fic would also be amazing! Maybe Kartik never sacrifices himself or Gemma finds a way to save him and they go off and get married in India like in Gemma's vision. Or maybe Kartik actually goes to the masquerade in book 3 to surprise Gemma or they get together sooner. Maybe Pippa never stays in the realms and she and Felicity eventually run away to Paris together. Maybe Felicity and Pippa figure out another way around Pippa having to marry her suitor, or figure out their feelings for each other earlier. 

Triggers: rape, spanking/beating/whipping, abuse (sexual, physical, verbal), animal abuse (especially dogs), eye injuries or mutilation, infertility. I have a HUGE snake phobia, so please avoid any unnecessary mention of snakes.

DNW: modern day AU, crossovers, character bashing, self-harm, really bleak endings, issuefic, author insert/soapboxing, or personal identity headcanons

Letter: http://impertinency.dreamwidth.org/305.html


Request 3 by impertinency
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend (TV) 

This is one of those shows where I love every single character, even the supporting ones like Father Brah, Hector (and his mom), Maya, etc., so when I say I’d be happy to receive fic about anyone, I mean it! Rebecca/Greg is my favorite pairing, but I do enjoy Rebecca/Nathaniel and Rebecca/Josh, and I have a huge soft spot for Darryl/White Josh, but I could get behind any pairing, gen fic, friendship fic - anything you want! I also really would not be opposed to some femmeslash (I think Valencia/Heather has so much potential) and would loooove friendship fic (more girl squad moments!)

As long as you stay true to the characterizations and tone of the show, I'll be happy! Get creative, subvert some tropes, write some future fic or canon divergence fic or backstory fic, go as wild as you want with plots as long as it fits in with the world of the show. How's Greg doing in school and with AA? Does Josh actually go through with seminary school and if so, what wacky escapades does he get up to? What shenanigans are happening in the law firm? What's going on with Darryl and WhiJo's relationship (because wow did S2 end on a big note for them)? How is Rebecca getting her revenge on Josh and does she rope in her girl squad? Does Valencia figure out her true calling is being a wedding planner and rope Heather into being her assistant? 

Triggers: rape, spanking/beating/whipping, abuse (sexual, physical, verbal), animal abuse (especially dogs), eye injuries or mutilation, infertility. I have a HUGE snake phobia, so please avoid any unnecessary mention of snakes.

DNW: mundane AU, crossovers, coy nods to other fandoms or shows/movies the characters have been in, character bashing, self-harm, really bleak endings, major character death, issuefic, author insert/soapboxing, or personal identity headcanons

Letter: http://impertinency.dreamwidth.org/305.html


Request 4 by impertinency
Turn (TV 2014) 
Anna Strong (Turn), Benjamin Tallmadge (Turn), Caleb Brewster (Turn), Mary Woodhull (Turn)

You don't have to write about all four characters. While I do ship Ben/Caleb and Mary/Anna, I would be happy with fic about any of them.

These four are my dream team and I was SO happy to see them all together doing spy stuff in Season 4. I'd loooove more of these four working together because Mary is the best spy of the bunch and if she and Anna worked together from the start, they would have been unstoppable. And I love Ben and Caleb's friendship and the way they're willing to risk everything - including their lives - to protect and save each other. I'd also love to see more Ben or Caleb interacting with Anna and Mary (the bit in S4 where Caleb teases Ben about the rumors of Ben/Anna or where Anna teases Ben about writing fake love letters is one of my favorite scenes from the entire series). 

Future fic, canon divergent fic, or anything that deals with backstory or pre-show events would be welcome! I'm not keen on modern AUs, but if you want to write a modern spy AU, I'd be 100% okay with that. I'd also be pretty okay with an Age of Sail AU.

Triggers: rape, spanking/beating/whipping, abuse (sexual, physical, verbal), animal abuse (especially dogs), eye injuries or mutilation, infertility. I have a HUGE snake phobia, so please avoid any unnecessary mention of snakes.

DNW: modern day AU, crossovers, unrequested pairings, character bashing, self-harm, really bleak endings, major character death, issue fic, author insert/soapboxing, or personal identity headcanons.

Letter: http://impertinency.dreamwidth.org/305.html


***

Request 1 by in48frames
Les témoins | Witnesses (TV) 
Sandra Winckler, Catherine Keemer

This relationship is very important to me. It's complex to say the least, and I was a little (a lot) afraid the series would end without any conclusion for them, and, well, it did, but they were together and Sandra smiled and there was a lot of ~potential imo.

The big question is... what happens next? They trust each other like no one else, they understand each other in ways no one else will ever be able to, and they seem to genuinely like each other, so I'd love to see them move forward remaining in each other's lives. How can they do that after everything they've gone through? Will they ever feel normal again, or how do they adjust to and accept their new normal? What do they need from each other now that life is settling down again?

I do ship this, but gen with the same intensity of emotion and proximity as canon is also great. I'd rather not see either woman getting involved with a man. Mention(s) of past trauma is fine, but please don't relive it in detail or add to it.

See my letter for prompts!

Letter: http://in48frames.livejournal.com/622396.html


Request 2 by in48frames
Private Eyes (TV 2016) 
Angie Everett

Primarily and most importantly, I love Angie Everett. She isn't easy but she's doing her best and trying so hard and that finale was just... predictable and also uncalled for.

I like that she's prickly, I like that she's guarded, I like that against her better judgment and against her will she's become a part of this family that she needs in many ways. I also like that against her will and better judgment she's developed feelings for this annoying but fundamentally good dude.

How is that finale going to change things? Where is she going to go? What poor decisions is she going to make? Or, hey, maybe Shade goes after her and everything is fine?

If you ship Angie/Matt, I'm happy with that, and gen is also great. All characters are welcome except Derek Nolan (including Angie's other exes and Angie shipped with someone else, anyone else, it's good).

See my letter for prompts!

Letter: http://in48frames.livejournal.com/622396.html


Request 3 by in48frames
Timeless (TV 2016) 
Lucy Preston, Jiya (Timeless)

Lucy is definitely one of my favourite TV characters ever. She loves facts. She's clumsy. She just wants to help!! She's very soft but she's made of steel.

Jiya is equally great, and I will always be hoping for more screentime, especially when she shares that screentime with Lucy. Jiya has been on Lucy's side from the very start, and all I want is to see that relationship develop and exist in any and every way.

Ship and gen are both fine. Rufus/Jiya is great as background in gen, but no Wyatt/Lucy please. If you do ship Lucy/Jiya, please avoid adultery and/or betrayal (eg. Rufus and Jiya break up amicably, or never got together).

See my letter for prompts!

Letter: http://in48frames.livejournal.com/622396.html


***

Request 1 by inabathrobe
Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers 
Peter Wimsey (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers), Mervyn Bunter (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers)

A case, some friendly banter, a touch of Peter feigning aristocratic cluelessness, and maybe established relationship fic, what?

Letter: http://inabathrobe.dreamwidth.org/98187.html


Request 2 by inabathrobe
Talented Mr Ripley (1999) 
Tom Ripley

Tom tries to be emotionally honest. It goes badly. (OR: tell me about one time Tom tried to con someone, anyone, and the consequences thereof.)

Letter: http://inabathrobe.dreamwidth.org/98187.html


Request 3 by inabathrobe
Secret History - Donna Tartt 

One thing that Richard lied about or was lied to about (though you don't have to make it explicit). Explore the idea of Richard being an unreliable narrator and what parts of life at Hampden Richard tacitly omitted.

Letter: http://inabathrobe.dreamwidth.org/98187.html


Request 4 by inabathrobe
Real Madrid RPF 
Isco (Real Madrid RPF), Marco Asensio (Real Madrid RPF)

LOOK. LISTEN. Sexypants option: make them fuck. That's it. That's your only objective. Feel free to bring Isco's weird neediness or daddy issues to the party. You do you, babe.

The I-didn't-sign-up-for-Iscensio option: Marco and Isco (and Isco Junior?) hang out at the Isco dad pad. Hijinks ensue.

Letter: http://inabathrobe.dreamwidth.org/98187.html


***

Request 1 by inalasahl
Royal Tenenbaums (2001) 

Please no food during sex, recreational drug use, polyamory or open relationships.

Letter: http://inalasahl.dreamwidth.org/167010.html


Request 2 by inalasahl
Dallas Stars RPF 
Ales Hemsky (Dallas Stars RPF)

Please no food during sex, recreational drug use, polyamory or open relationships.

Letter: http://inalasahl.dreamwidth.org/167010.html


Request 3 by inalasahl
Los Angeles Kings RPF 
Alec Martinez (Los Angeles Kings RPF), Jeff Zatkoff (Los Angeles Kings RPF)

Please no food during sex, recreational drug use, polyamory or open relationships.

Letter: http://inalasahl.dreamwidth.org/167010.html


Request 4 by inalasahl
Washington Capitals RPF 
Alexander Ovechkin (Washington Capitals RPF), Nicklas Backstrom (Washington Capitals RPF)

Please no food during sex, recreational drug use, polyamory or open relationships.

Letter: http://inalasahl.dreamwidth.org/167010.html


Request 5 by inalasahl
The Lion in Winter (1968) 
Philip II of France (Lion in Winter), Geoffrey Plantagenet (The Lion in Winter)

Please no food during sex, recreational drug use, polyamory or open relationships.

Letter: http://inalasahl.dreamwidth.org/167010.html


Request 6 by inalasahl
Vegas Golden Knights RPF 
Brayden McNabb (Vegas Golden Knights RPF), Marc-Andre Fleury (Vegas Golden Knights RPF)

Please no food during sex, recreational drug use, polyamory or open relationships.

Letter: http://inalasahl.dreamwidth.org/167010.html


***

Request 1 by incandescent (lmeden)
American Gods - Neil Gaiman 

I would love to see a story that dives back into this mythology, with detailed plotting and the inevitability of fate, too. I loved every character in the book, no matter how big or small. I would love to see a smaller character featured and brought to life, with special attention paid to the mythology behind her. I love plot, so having character development integrated into plot is kind of essential to me. 

I love MYSTERIES and noir and ‘road trip’ stories and space operas and Westerns, bleak landscapes and isolations. Enemies to lovers is my favorite trope in romance (if you decide to go that way), and a slow building of romance and plot is the best way to my heart. 

Things I don't want: reflective fic with no plot, PWP, straight up romance at all, character bashing. More details can be found at my Dear Author letter.

Letter: http://raxeira.dreamwidth.org/256699.html


Request 2 by incandescent (lmeden)
Rai-Kirah - Carol Berg 
Seyonne (Rai-Kirah), Aleksander (Rai-Kirah)

I want to see more between Aleksander and Seyonne. That could be slash or gen, but I would like something that focuses on their relationship. I miss them desperately and crave more. I would also love to see more of the world that Berg created, especially from the first book. I adore the tension between Aleksander and Seyonne as they grow to know each other. I love how Aleksander underestimates Seyonne as they grow closer, until finally they come to know each other well. 

In this fandom I'm looking for a story that takes place somewhere within canon and brings Aleksander and Seyonne together. Plot and intrigue would be fantastic, especially if Seyonne gets to prove himself and show off a bit. 

More details at my Yuletide letter.

Letter: http://raxeira.dreamwidth.org/256699.html


Request 3 by incandescent (lmeden)
Tawny Man Trilogy - Robin Hobb 
FitzChivalry Farseer, The Fool (Robin Hobb)

I want to see more between Fitz and the Fool. That could be slash or gen, but I would like something that focuses on their relationship. I miss them desperately and crave more. I would like to see a story that takes place within canon, and I don't care when in canon you set the story. 

I would love to see Fitz and the Fool stuck together somehow, learning more about each other through slow revelation. You can isolate them or make it a 5 times kind of fic, but I really do want to see slash in this relationship. 

*Note that I have not read the newest Fitz trilogy, so anything that references that materials will likely just confuse and spoil me.

Letter: http://raxeira.dreamwidth.org/256699.html


Request 4 by incandescent (lmeden)
Jane Eyre - Charlotte Brontë 
Jane Eyre (Jane Eyre - Brontë)

Something about Jane Eyre has always lingered with me, from the stark imagery of the scenery to the desperation of the romance. It doesn’t hurt that it’s very much a version of Beauty and the Beast, one of my favorite tales. I’ve also read and loved Wide Sargasso Sea, for the way it sucked me in and filled with its humid and beautiful heat. I could wax rapturous for days. 

What I’m looking for is a story that brings me back into that dense, hypnotic world of both stories. I would love to see something female-centric, focused on Bertha and Jane. I’m open to femme-slash, but I don’t want PWP. I mostly want something atmospheric and beautiful, with a tinge of a ghost story. 

More details at my Dear Author letter

Letter: http://raxeira.dreamwidth.org/256699.html


Request 5 by incandescent (lmeden)
Mulan (1998) 
Li Shang, Fa Mulan (Disney)

Mulan is my favorite Disney princess, and also one of my favorite traditional tales. I love how she's strong and passionate and refuses to conform. I love the identity porn aspect of her story, and I want to see more of her fighting and striving in the world of men. 

As far as relationships go, I don't love Li Shang but I'm open. Rule 63 him, or even just leave him out. Just give me a story focused on Fa Mulan and I'll be happy. 

More details at my Dear Author letter

Letter: http://raxeira.dreamwidth.org/256699.html


Request 6 by incandescent (lmeden)
Neverwhere - Neil Gaiman 
Richard Mayhew, Marquis de Carabas (Neverwhere), Anaesthesia, Door (Neverwhere)

Neverwhere stands out to me because of the rich details of its worldbuilding as well as its setting in London, one of my favorite cities ever. I think what stands out to me about Neverwhere is that it takes some of the most marginalized and discredited parts of society and makes them into a living, breathing universe of their own. I would love more exploration of the London underworld and how that is a mirror for the visible world.

I also love London adventuring, especially involving the Marquis and Richard, the greatest and most dangerous "odd couple" I can think of. The Marquis is mysterious and deadly, as his 'wisdom' is mostly all bluff and calculated statements. I love Richard's innocence in this world, and would love more about how he learns the ways of the Under London. A story focusing on any female character would be more than fine as well. 

More details at my Dear Author letter

Letter: http://raxeira.dreamwidth.org/256699.html


***

Request 1 by IncurableNecromantic
The Bloody Chamber - Angela Carter 
Heroine (The Bloody Chamber), Narrator (The Erl-King), The Duke (Wolf-Alice)

I read The Bloody Chamber for the first time this year and haven't been able to get it out of my head. I don’t even have many unanswered questions or unresolved feelings about it -- it’s just something that I’ll be coming back to for the rest of my life, because there’s just so much meat on those bones.

For this year, at least, I have two major (optional!) prompts to offer:

1. The Heroine and the Narrator occupy interesting spaces, narratively speaking. Allies and partners are crucial to the Heroine’s escape and overthrow of Bluebeard, while the Narrator is in the position of using the Erl King’s territory against him to free those who are trapped. The Heroine’s relationship with Bluebeard seems violent from the first, where the Narrator suffers a dawning realization of the Erl King’s cruelty, or indifference, or whatever it is.

I’d like to see these two characters interact, or maybe see some kind of meditation on which positions they take and how they are when they’re at home. Do they understand each other? Work well together? As tropes they would seem to interlock very smoothly -- do they connect on a personal level? 

I don’t mind this being played for laughs, or for them not getting along, but I just have the sense that they have stuff to talk about. I’d be curious to see how you view that! A meditation from one’s perspective on the other, in view of her own experiences, is perfectly lovely, as is any sort of adventure or happenstance meeting with personal-storytelling. [Open to shipping, but by no means necessary]

2. I’m gasping for anything pertaining to the Duke’s internal experience. What does he think of this weird little feral child he’s been given as a servant? How did they actually come to be living together -- what were the mechanics between the convent and the castle that lead them into each other’s spheres? What is the Duke’s daily existence like, and has he been hunted by humans before? Duke of what, precisely, and how came he to be a monster?

Although maybe more monstrous, he’s one of the least personally threatening male characters in the book and it makes me very curious about how he views what’s going on.

Letter: http://incurablenecromantic.dreamwidth.org/609.html


Request 2 by IncurableNecromantic
Les Aventures Extraordinaires d'Adele Blanc-Sec (2010) 
Patmosis, Adele Blanc-Sec, Professor Espérandieu

I’m stupid about this movie, from the plot to the style to the characters to the ultimately upbeat, people-are-people, adventures-are-worth-having ethos. It has everything. All I could possibly ask for is more thoughts/consequences regarding the permeable nature of time and death. Like, what’s up with that, right? I would particularly like a story that involves Professor Espérandieu, and Adele and Patmosis are optional -- but very welcome!

Optional prompts:

1. I would love to hear more about Professor Espérandieu’s experiments. Has he brought anything else back to life? How did he start out? What are the nuances of reanimating the contents of a eon-old egg versus the nuances of reanimating a millennia-old mummy? Does healing enter into any of it, and if so how does that change the work he needs to do? Why is he tied to the pterodactyl in the first place, and does that bond extend to anything else he’s ever reanimated?

2. How do he and Adele meet for the first time -- same publisher? Same book group? Are they friends, or strictly colleagues?

3. If you want to make me extraordinarily happy, it’d be great for Patmosis to actually get to meet Professor Espérandieu. I mean, how would a reanimated 19th dynasty nuclear physicist not be interested in studying the makeup of the universe with a dude who clearly has some grasp on cocking about with spiritual resonance frequencies? I just think they’d have a lot to talk about and I wish they could’ve had those conversations. The two of them hanging out (and geeking out) while talking about their respective fields of study/lifestyles as old weird scientists would be the answer to a fond dream. [Open to shipping, but by no means necessary]

Letter: http://incurablenecromantic.dreamwidth.org/609.html


Request 3 by IncurableNecromantic
Philip Marlowe - Raymond Chandler 
Jules Amthor (Philip Marlowe - Raymond Chandler)

Please just tell me anything about Jules Amthor. He’s a gorgeous evil psychic who pistol-whips Philip Marlowe with his own gun while Marlowe’s internal monologue gets increasingly drooly and lustful. What is going ON over there.

Optional prompts:

1. Jules Amthor and the Indian (PLEASE GIVE HIM A REAL NAME, OH MY GOD CHANDLER) establishing themselves at some previous point in their careers. Was Amthor already locked down in the swami business or has that developed over time?

When did the Indian get in on the operation? Have they been working together for years, and has the Indian always been a bodyguard or a manservant? What exactly is his job, and how does he view it? What’s his view on Amthor, for that matter?

I want to know how these dudes work when they’re not on the lam or dealing with plucky nervous-talkers who know too much. [Open to shipping, but by no means necessary]

2. Let’s see a failed scheme that Amthor wriggled out of. Clearly being good-looking and eerie as all fuck has been Amthor’s modus operandi for a while; how has he used that, almost successfully, in the past? Embezzlement? Black widowering? Lay it on me.

Letter: http://incurablenecromantic.dreamwidth.org/609.html


***

Request 1 by indiefic
Wonder Woman (2017) 
Diana Prince (Wonder Woman 2017), Steve Trevor (Wonder Woman 2017), Etta Candy (Wonder Woman 2017), Antiope (Wonder Woman 2017)

In general, I love seeing the bits we don't get to see in the movie.  Either small moments between scenes, or things that happen either before, or after, the main body of the movie.

I love Steve and Diana together as a romantic pairing and I'm down for seeing more of that.  I love how good and optimistic she is, counterbalanced by how hardened and cynical he is.  I love how he is often confused by her, but he never discounts her, or belittles her.

I also would be up for seeing more of how Steve and Etta's friendship/working relationship functions.  Ditto with how Diana and Etta's relationship changes and grows after Steve is gone.  

I'm always up for Antiope, in any form.  I would request please no Diana/Antiope as a romantic pairing.  But I would love to see more of their familial relationship over the years.

Please no crossovers with other fandoms.

As far as rating, I'm leaving that open to you, dear writer.  I read and love gen, but I'm also comfortable with explicit material.  Thank you so much and please write whatever makes your heart sing.


Request 2 by indiefic
Black Mirror 
Kelly (Black Mirror), Yorkie (Black Mirror)

In general, I love seeing the bits we don't get to see in the episode.  Either small moments between scenes, or things that happen either before, or after, the main body of the story.

I leave it up to you as to what parts of Kelly and Yorkie's relationship and/or lives you want to explore.  I feel like the episode hinted as so much, but there is a lot of room for so much more to be expanded upon.

Please no crossovers with other fandoms or episodes.

As far as rating, I'm leaving that open to you, dear writer.  I read and love gen, but I'm also comfortable with explicit material.  Thank you so much and please write whatever makes your heart sing.


Request 3 by indiefic
The Americans (TV 2013) 
Elizabeth Jennings, Philip Jennings

Oh dear author, where to even start with this fandom and pairing?  

I love it.  I love Elizabeth and Philip's relationship.  I love that they first manage to really connect after he murders a superior officer who raped her years earlier, making it clear that Philip's first alliance is to his family.  

I love that they seem to get their physical chemistry figured out waaaaaaay before they get anything emotional sorted out.  I love that Elizabeth shows up at Philip's apartment and demands that he fuck her the way he fucks Martha - and it completely blows up in her face.  I love that Elizabeth completely does not understand his relationship with Martha, or how it compares to his relationship with her.  Elizabeth does not understand that Philip genuinely cares for Martha - but that he loves Elizabeth, and he would do anything to keep her safe.

I love that Elizabeth is clearly the superior spy for the old rules and the old generation.  But Philip has the skillsets that will make him successful in their ever changing environment.  He is the one who can adapt and work without direction.  And Elizabeth has no idea how to deal with that.

Basically, I would like an exploration of their relationship, in whatever way you would like to tackle that.

Please no crossovers with other fandoms.

As far as rating, I'm leaving that open to you, dear writer.  I read and love gen, but I'm also comfortable with explicit material.  Thank you so much and please write whatever makes your heart sing.


***

Request 1 by indigostohelit
Shakespeare RPF | Elizabethan & Jacobean Theater RPF 
Christopher Marlowe (Shakespeare RPF), William Shakespeare (Shakespeare RPF)

There are very few things I love more than Period-Accurate Witty Banter and one of them is Espionage Intrigue. I would love Christopher Marlowe to do terrible, terrible things, possibly involving direct murder, because he thinks Shakespeare writes good plays. I would love Christopher Marlowe to not be able to distinguish "I think you write good plays" from "I would like to jump your bones" in his own head. I would love Christopher Marlowe to be murdered over the course of the story. I would also love them to get drunk together and generally be two coarse assholes in a coarse profession in the most exciting city either of them have ever known. The more obscure historical details you put into this the more I will love you.

More details (including likes, DNWs, etc.) in letter!!

Letter: http://indigostohelit.dreamwidth.org/645.html


Request 2 by indigostohelit
1st Century BCE Roman Politicians RPF 
Julius Caesar (1st Century BCE), Mark Antony (1st Century BCE)

I'd absolutely kill for Antony reacting to Caesar/Cleopatra as it's happening - is he jealous? does he think Caesar's being stupid? does he think Cleopatra's being stupid? does Caesar come to him for counsel, or even for locker-room talk about the whole thing? ALTERNATELY: after Caesar's death, as the Second Triumvirate falls apart, Antony reacting to Caesar/Cleopatra while himself being with Cleopatra. Is he jealous? does he feel like Caesar's still a part of it? does he want to know if she misses him? etc.

Would also love to see Antony and Octavian feeling out the space between them in the wake of the death - again, that can involve Antony/Octavian or not (or Antony/Octavian/[their mutual memories of Caesar]).

More details (including likes, DNWs, etc.) in letter!!

Letter: http://indigostohelit.dreamwidth.org/645.html


Request 3 by indigostohelit
Machineries of Empire Series - Yoon Ha Lee 
Kel Cheris, Shuos Jedao

Jedao's relationship with Cheris is absolutely wonderful. Personally, I ship them; I understand if you don't, but if you do, there's some beautiful potential for negotiating out the weirdest relationship of all time (if you feel like going NSFW: how would the sex... even work. Mirrors? Does Jedao's talent for manipulation extend to dirty talk? Can he make her hallucinate?) I also love stories where two people who are ostensibly deeply unsuited for each other fall in love because of their particular circumstances, and this is definitely one of those. Would Jedao treat their relationship like a Shuos game? Would Cheris be able to trust him? Would he feel like she was pitying him? You can keep the ending of Ninefox Gambit or change it, up to you.

I'd also be incredibly into some fic about the legend of Jedao - such a huge part of his character is his reputation. Machineries of Empire flirts with the edges of a metanarrative here, but Jedao is never quite a story about a story. I'd love you to give me how Jedao's reputation plays out in-universe - in Cheris' childhood or training, in ordinary civilian life, in stories mothers tell their children, in various Shuos leaders' nightmares...

More details (including likes, DNWs, etc.) in letter!!

Letter: http://indigostohelit.dreamwidth.org/645.html


***

Request 1 by ingreatwaters
Aubrey-Maturin Series - Patrick O'Brian 
Stephen Maturin (Aubrey-Maturin - O'Brian), Jack Aubrey (Aubrey-Maturin - O'Brian), Diana Villiers (Aubrey-Maturin - O'Brian)

Oh, Stephen. I love him to bits, and I'll be happy with fic with him more or less anywhere - but I do love the assorted characters of the books in general, so a shipboard or London/England/family setting is probably better than a background or spyhatty quest one. (Do what you love, though!)

That said, I would be very happy with a Diana-centric story, or the usual equally-balanced Jack-and-Stephen kind. Just preferably some Stephen somewhere.

I love Stephen's geekery, and his ineptness, and his enthusiasms, and the wordplay, and the way he confuses Jack's mind and the way he gets tangled up in his own, and the big extended family of the navy, and the extended family based around Sophie on land, and adventures, and Jack's mixed metaphors and general warmth and competence, and Diana's fierce generosity and (ruefully) the way she throws herself into things without stopping to think if they're the right thing.

I love fic that fills in gaps (not that I don't love plotty fic, but I can't write it, and I can't imagine how you start!), and for home based fic there are some lovely looking gaps between books - there are some lovely gaps within them too, though, both by land and sea...

I am in general not much of a shipper - I love exploring the relationships between characters in the wider sense, romantic and otherwise, but I never really feel the need to push characters into new romantic or sexual relationships just to please myself. So I'm not much of a slasher, but if you can't see Jack and Stephen any other way, that's fine, although I do definitely see them as part of a web of interlinked and sometime conflicting relationships, not with the men in the foreground and the women off somewhere in the background.

And I have to admit, Stephen and Diana are one of the few couples I really ship, rather than just watching with interest and hoping the characters are happy with their choices - I'm always desperately hoping they'll sort themselves out, and constantly frustrated! I'm definitely not expecting a happily ever after, even in the short term, but if you can only see the relationship as a bad thing, it might be best to steer clear.

I don't want to start making a great list of things I don't want, mostly because I don't know what half the things in other people's lists are, and I don't want to accidentally imply I do want something by leaving it out!
Smut is generally a bit wasted on me - I read the character bits and skip the mechanics! Otherwise no darker/angstier/gorier than the books is probably fair, and still gives plenty of scope!


Request 2 by ingreatwaters
Hornblower - C. S. Forester 
William Bush (Hornblower - Forester)

I would like more Bush, please - at sea with Hornblower, at sea without Hornblower (Temeraire or Nonsuch?), enjoying himself on land, at home with his sisters, at Sheerness pining for the sea, or even better, at Sheerness doing his best not to pine for the sea and to build up the life he now has. Or, really, anything you can think of!

I love Bush's stoicism, and his courage, and his competence, and his intolerance of foolishness, and the way he just gets on with things and keeps them going, and the way he sees his own limits.
(And I would love, I admit, to see just one time when Bush's painstaking thoroughness manages to reach a conclusion that Hornblower's brilliance has simply leapt right over!)

I am in general not much of a shipper, in the sense of making up new romantic relationships, and therefore not much of a slasher - I find relationships in the wider sense quite interesting enough without adding anything!
So I don't really see Bush and Hornblower that way, in spite of authorial teasing - but if you do, that's fine, and feel free to write them that way.

That said, I'm not sure how I feel about OC relationships in this sense - they're certainly one of the things that might have happened to Bush along the way. If it's what you're dying to write, go for it - but again I'm probably more interested in what it means to and does for Bush than in romance as romance (not that his interactions would necessarily be romantic, anyway!).

I could potentially be interested in AUs of the trousers-of-time variety - 'what would have happened if this had gone differently' - but probably not the kind where everyone is in a completely different setting, because the setting is one of the things I love.

I don't want to start making a great list of things I don't want, mostly because I don't know what half the things in other people's lists are, and I don't want to accidentally imply I do want something by leaving it out!
Smut is generally a bit wasted on me - I read the character bits and skip the mechanics! Otherwise no darker/angstier/gorier than the books is probably fair, and still gives plenty of scope!


Request 3 by ingreatwaters
Persuasion - Jane Austen 
Admiral Croft (Persuasion - Austen), Anne Elliot (Persuasion - Austen), Frederick Wentworth (Persuasion - Austen), Sophia Croft (Persuasion - Austen)

I was a late comer to Persuasion from the point of view both of Austen and of the Age of Sail, and I love it - the whole book, and the complex web of relationships between the various families and characters, but particularly the friendly, busy world of the naval characters - it's so obviously the inspiration for the similar world of the Patrick O'Brian books, which I've loved for a long time. (So if you don't know anything about the navy, don't worry - it's the cheerful friendly competence I love, rather than details of ships and actions - although they're good too.)

This is really an all or any request as far as characters go - I'd be happy to see more of any of them individually, of in any combination.

Admiral and Mrs Croft are my favourite of all the secondary couples in the book - I love their pleasure in each other's company and the way they organise their life together. So more of them, whether by land or sea, would be lovely - or something looking at Mrs Croft's relationship with her brother(s), or them getting to know Anne better - either during the time of the book, or afterwards.

Anne I still find a bit of an enigma - I know she's well worth knowing, because all the nicest minor characters think so, but I don't find her character to be sketched as vividly as most of those others are. So I'd still be interested in seeing more of anything - particularly her future life, maybe, but also that first romance, or anything of what happened and what she did in between, living quietly but uncomfortably with her family.

Frederick's relationship with his wife and sister are covered above, but there must also be many stories to tell of his naval career, and his friendship with Harville and Benwick. Or how will he fare in his career with the war over, and so many fewer ships needed? Is he one of those lucky enough to stay in active service - involved in the later exploratory missions, maybe - or does he come to settle down by land after a while?

I can see a kind of crossover potential here as well - the naval officers of this book and of the Aubrey-Maturin books obviously live in the same kind of world, meeting friends wherever they go and glad to meet them, and it wouldn't surprise me in the least if some minor - or even major - characters from one turned up in the other. (And if you're looking a bit earlier than the time of the book, while Hornblower would rather not know other people, if Bush doesn't live in that kind of world I suspect he'd like to.) But that is all up to you.

I don't want to start making a great list of things I don't want, mostly because I don't know what half the things in other people's lists are, and I don't want to accidentally imply I do want something by leaving it out!
Smut is generally a bit wasted on me - I read the character bits and skip the mechanics! You could probably get a good bit angstier and gorier than this and still be fine, but all things in moderation is definitely the way to go!


Request 4 by ingreatwaters
Anne of Green Gables - L. M. Montgomery 
Marilla Cuthbert (Anne of Green Gables - Montgomery)


  <i>Marilla was thinking of her whole past life, her cramped but not unhappy childhood, the jealously hidden dreams and the blighted hopes of her girlhood, the long, gray, narrow, monotonous years of dull middle life that followed. And the coming of Anne—the vivid, imaginative, impetuous child with her heart of love, and her world of fancy, bringing with her color and warmth and radiance, until the wilderness of existence had blossomed like the rose.</i>


I've always forgotten when I go back to the early books just how much I like Marilla -- and how much the first book at least is really just as much her story as Anne's.

So give me more, please, from any stage - old-fashioned childhood, her relationship with Matthew at any stage of their lives, the friendship with John Blythe which almost became more, any part of the 45 years of friendship with Rachel Lynde wihout a quarrel, more of the Anne or Davy years, or later on with Davy and his wife running the farm and Anne's children visiting.

I don't want to start making a great list of things I don't want, mostly because I don't know what half the things in other people's lists are, and I don't want to accidentally imply I do want something by leaving it out!
Pinewoods and pigsties are both useful things, and the practicalties of farm and village life are very much part of the stories, but in the context of LMM I think I agree with Emily about not going deliberately looking for extra dirt - reasonable angst, reasonable gore, and I really can't get my head round smut in this context!
(Although I suppose an AU where the romance went right might be quite entertaining...)


***

Request 1 by inksmith
Emily - Mika (song) 
Narrator (Emily - Mika), Emily (Emily - Mika)

I just love this song, so I'd be totally happy with anything you wanted to write - why does she scream at people in French? Does she get to be successful? Do they get together? What's it all about?

If you wanted to stay with the happy, bouncy vibe of the story, please do. Or if you want to go a bit dark, there's a way to read the song in a much darker way, where he's stalking her - if you wanted to go there, please do!

I really like some hurt/comfort or angst, but I'm all about the happy endings ultimately. I like pre- and post-canon as well as AUs, and I like slash/femslash and friendship. I'm happy with gen, or pretty much any rating, and if you wanted to go to a kinky place, I'm open to most things, with the exception of non-con and consent play.

I really don't like excessive violence, humiliation or people being made to look foolish or be embarrassed.


Request 2 by inksmith
Warriors (TV) 
John Feeley

I just love this show, even after all this time, and John is definitely my favourite. I love how he looks after all the others, and he's interesting to me because he seems much more career military than the others, and I think he's the only one who's still there at the end. I'd love for a story about what happens to him after the show, where he manages to tell someone that he's really struggling and actually get some help and support.

I really like his friendship with Neil as well - I'd love a story that picked up on that, in a gen or a slashy way, or with Neil's wife if you wanted to go the polyam/open relationship/threesome route. 

I'd prefer you to steer clear of something set during canon as much as possible, but pre- or post-canon would both be great.

I really like some hurt/comfort or angst, but I'm all about the happy endings ultimately. I like pre- and post-canon as well as AUs, and I like slash/femslash and friendship. I'm happy with gen, or pretty much any rating, and if you wanted to go to a kinky place, I'm open to most things, with the exception of non-con and consent play.

I really don't like excessive violence, humiliation or people being made to look foolish or be embarrassed.


Request 3 by inksmith
Kings (TV 2009) 
Jack Benjamin, David Shepherd

Jack just breaks my heart – he's so isolated and hidden, exactly the kind of person who I think desperately needs a no strings friend. If you want to make that person David, go for it; if you want to make them Michelle or Thomasina, equally go for it; or if you want to go someone else (an older mentor style person? A palace guard? One of his soldiers?) that's cool too.

I really just want Jack to get a happy ending, or at least to work things out somehow. Maybe he goes back to the battlefield after he's captured? Maybe he and his sister make a deal that she'll be queen instead of him being king? Maybe he runs away and joins the circus (not literally, though if you want to go literally, that's cool too!) Maybe his boyfriend survives and they run away together? Maybe something else?

AUs that take canon in a different direction are fine, but please no AUs that are in a totally different setting (modern day, space pirates, fairy tale etc). I am a Marvel fan, but I'd prefer no Marvel or other Sebastian Stan fandom crossovers please, and please don't make Jack bi/give him a girlfriend (female friends are absolutely fine).

I really like some hurt/comfort or angst, but I'm all about the happy endings ultimately. I like pre- and post-canon as well as AUs, and I like slash/femslash and friendship. I'm happy with gen, or pretty much any rating, and if you wanted to go to a kinky place, I'm open to most things, with the exception of non-con and consent play.

I really don't like excessive violence, humiliation or people being made to look foolish or be embarrassed.


***

Request 1 by Inkyrius
Mystery Skulls Animated 
Arthur (Mystery Skulls Animated), Vivi (Mystery Skulls Animated), Lewis (Mystery Skulls Animated)

I really enjoy the way this series balances its Scooby-Doo roots with new and interesting elements to become its own thing. The characters all stand out from their inspirations to become compelling in their own right, and all without dialogue. I love how excited Vivi is about the paranormal, and how Arthur keeps traveling with her and looking for Lewis despite his clear terror, and how Lewis holds on to the things he cares about even as a rage ghost. I also ship all three of them together, and would prefer either that or gen. (I’m fine with mentions that Lewis and Vivi dated before his death, but would rather that not be the focus unless Arthur joins at some point.

See my letter for prompts!

Letter: http://inkyriusexchangeletters.tumblr.com/post/166012951578/dear-yuletide-author


Request 2 by Inkyrius
Persona 3 
Kirijo Mitsuru (Persona 3), Sanada Akihiko (Persona 3)

I’m very late to the party here, but I just played this game for the first and second times and now I’m desperate for more. I loved the general tone of the game, how it’s weird and dark without being completely hopeless. I also loved these two and their dynamic. They’ve known each other for years, and at the start of the game Mitsuru at least seems to consider Akihiko her closest friend. But they’re also very different people, and I got the impression that they weren’t always sure how to relate to each other. I couldn’t help but read a lot of their dialogue as friendly sniping at each other. All that said, I don’t really ship them together, and prefer Akihiko/Shinjiro and Mitsuru/Yukari.

See my letter for prompts!

Letter: http://inkyriusexchangeletters.tumblr.com/post/166012951578/dear-yuletide-author


Request 3 by Inkyrius
終末のイゼッタ | Shuumatsu no Izetta | Izetta: The Last Witch (Anime) 
Bianca (Shuumatsu no Izetta)

I don’t know how I walked away from this series so invested in a relatively minor character, but here I am. I love how devoted she is to Finé, and how that lets her overcome her suspicion to bond with Izetta. I also enjoyed getting to see her more relaxed side outside the castle walls, and how she goes from devoted soldier to a girl who loves fairytales. Her attachment to the legend of the White Witch is adorable. Speaking of which, I do ship her, Finé, and Izetta together, but I’d also be interested in her thoughts on Izetta and Finé‘s relationship as an outsider.

See my letter for prompts!

Letter: http://inkyriusexchangeletters.tumblr.com/post/166012951578/dear-yuletide-author


Request 4 by Inkyrius
We Know the Devil (Visual Novel) 
Jupiter (We Know the Devil), Neptune (We Know the Devil), Venus (We Know the Devil)

I got ridiculously attached to all three of these girls for such a short game. Their insecurities and shortcomings felt so real, and their more lighthearted interactions are a lot of fun. I also ship them in every combination, though I do have a slight preference for them as an OT3. It’s the true ending for a reason, after all.

See my letter for prompts!

Letter: http://inkyriusexchangeletters.tumblr.com/post/166012951578/dear-yuletide-author


Request 5 by Inkyrius
モブサイコ100 | Mob Psycho 100 
Kageyama Ritsu

Two of my favorite character tropes are complicated but loyal sibling relationships and characters using competence to mask deep insecurity. Basically, as soon as Ritsu got a scene to himself I knew he was going to be my favorite character. I enjoy genuine angst for him, but he’s also a middle schooler, so anything about him having to deal with the day-to-day indignities of life I will likely find hilarious. And of course he deserves happiness and I’d love to see him get it, or at least get closer to it. I don’t really ship him with anyone, though, so I’d prefer gen for this canon. I’m also up to date on the manga, so don’t worry about spoilers.

See my letter for prompts!

Letter: http://inkyriusexchangeletters.tumblr.com/post/166012951578/dear-yuletide-author


***

Request 1 by inlovewithnight
Anne of Green Gables - L. M. Montgomery 
Walter Blythe (Anne of Green Gables - Montgomery), Kenneth Ford (Anne of Green Gables - Montgomery)

Walter/Ken as friendship or a pairing; during their adolescence or at war are both fine. Feel free to tweak timelines or where they serve in the war as needed if you go that route. I'm also okay with AUs, either moving them to another era entirely or a Walter lives/what happens after the war.


Request 2 by inlovewithnight
A Little Life - Hanya Yanagihara 
Willem Ragnarsson (A Little Life), Jude St. Francis (A Little Life)

I'd like something set during "The Happy Years." The part of that section where they're actually happy. Any slice of life, domestic scene, a moment of quiet happiness and inner peace, just a LITTLE bit of happy to go with the tragedy for these characters. If you have an idea for something with plot, that's also awesome, just... fit it into the happy section. I know there will be some darkness and tragedy in the background and to the sides because of Jude's everything, but I'd like it not to be a dark story, if that makes sense.


Request 3 by inlovewithnight
Atomic Blonde (2017) 
Lorraine Broughton

Lorraine backstory, please! A previous mission, how she got into the field, a previous relationship, anything like that. Just some pre-movie Lorraine of any sort.


Request 4 by inlovewithnight
Pittsburgh Penguins RPF 
Mike Sullivan (Pittsburgh Penguins RPF), Kris Letang (Pittsburgh Penguins RPF)

Coach Shoutsalot and the Dman Who Can't Behave. Anything you want to do with them; kinky is great, but so is gen and just trying to get Kris through a game without injuring himself or others.


***

Request 1 by inmyriadbits
Banlieue 13 (Movies) 
Damien Tomaso, Leïto (Banlieue 13)
Letter: http://inmyriadbits.dreamwidth.org/218818.html


Request 2 by inmyriadbits
Six of Crows Series - Leigh Bardugo 
Inej Ghafa, Kaz Brekker
Letter: http://inmyriadbits.dreamwidth.org/218818.html


Request 3 by inmyriadbits
The Queen's Thief - Megan Whalen Turner 
Costis (Queen's Thief), Kamet (Queen's Thief)
Letter: http://inmyriadbits.dreamwidth.org/218818.html


Request 4 by inmyriadbits
The Eagle | The Eagle of the Ninth (2011) 
Marcus Flavius Aquila (The Eagle of the Ninth (2011)), Esca Mac Cunoval (The Eagle of the Ninth (2011))
Letter: http://inmyriadbits.dreamwidth.org/218818.html


Request 5 by inmyriadbits
Society of Gentlemen - K. J. Charles 
Silas Mason, David Cyprian
Letter: http://inmyriadbits.dreamwidth.org/218818.html


***

Request 1 by innie
Kings (TV 2009) 
Jack Benjamin

[13 hour-long episodes]

Ah, this show wasn't perfect - ahem, David - but Sebastian Stan's Jack was a perfect character for me. He was flawed in interesting ways, generous in unexpected ways, and so compelling to watch. My biggest wish for the second season we never got was to know how Jack would cope with the horror of his imprisonment. 

He did some terrible things in his quest for the throne, but not, I would argue, anything worse than some of the stuff David and Silas pulled. Jack's actions were never shown to be divinely sanctioned, and I wonder what he thought of that. I also want to know what he thought his reign would look like - if he planned to father children with a woman/his queen, if he meant to have a male consort, or if he counted on Michelle to bear the children he would name his heirs. 

At the beginning of the show, it looked like Rose was absolutely on his side and would back any play he made, but throughout the season she affirmed her commitment to Silas. How much did Jack see? 

I only requested Jack because he's my focal point, but I'd love to read your take on his relationships with Lucinda, his sister, his mother, his father, Thomasina, and others. The only one I'd prefer you to steer clear of is David, because I found (the show version of) the character terribly boring (and unconvincingly played), and there are plenty of Jack/David stories available anyway. I don't think a fic in this fandom - particularly if it's set after S1, as I'd prefer - can be fluffy, but I'd love it if there were rays of light here rather than unrelenting misery. Jack retreating into his mind would be good, but so would Jack finding love with one of his guards, or Jack forming a real friendship with Lucinda.

[link to watch the entire show for free here]

Letter: http://innie-darling.dreamwidth.org/463936.html


Request 2 by innie
The Talisman Ring - Georgette Heyer 
Sarah Thane, Tristram Shield

[1 novel, ~300 pages]

This shot to the top of my favorite Heyers list when I read it a few months ago - Sarah and Tristram are so dryly hilarious, and their declaration of love was unexpectedly touching. I would love to read more of them together, whether it's planning their wedding with help (hindrance) from Eustacie, discussing novels, Tristram teaching Sarah to draw, anything. They can be quietly domestic or maybe they're traveling and get drawn into another adventure? I know the book dealt with murder, but I'd love the tone of this story to stay light, so that the joy of these characters can sparkle. I found the book's balance between romance and humor just perfect, and I'd love to see the same in your story.

Letter: http://innie-darling.dreamwidth.org/463936.html


Request 3 by innie
Zen (TV) 
Aurelio Zen

[3 ninety-minute episodes]

As you'll see if you poke around my dw, I recently rediscovered the glories of Rufus Sewell, long a member of my dreamboat hall of fame, and absolutely loved him in Zen. As I said in some entry or another, Aurelio Zen is such a fantastic character; he's sneaky and funny and gorgeous and romantic and intelligent and plodding and wary all at once. Plus, Rufus just looks great in the show, and having Rome for a background hardly hurts. I'm only requesting Aurelio himself because I'm interested in his character most of all, and all of his relationships - with his mother, with Tania Moretti, with his irascible boss Moscati, with his cryptic contact Colonna, with Nadia Pirlo, with Fabri. If you can build a case into your story - which is a tall order, I'm well aware, so PLEASE feel free to ignore that request - I will be mightily impressed, because I'd love to see Aurelio in action! I specifically nominated and am requesting TV Aurelio and not book Aurelio - they are very different beasts, and I like the tight focus the TV show offered on his flaws and strengths.

[I have the three episodes and can easily make them available if requested.]

Letter: http://innie-darling.dreamwidth.org/463936.html


***

Request 1 by intimacies
Dorohedoro 
Noi, Shin (Dorohedoro)
Letter: http://kitaiichis.dreamwidth.org/3168.html


Request 2 by intimacies
Night World - L. J. Smith 
Ash Redfern, Blaise Harman
Letter: http://kitaiichis.dreamwidth.org/3168.html


Request 3 by intimacies
长歌行 | Cháng Gē Xíng | Song of the Long March 
Ashina Sun, Mujin (Song of the Long March)
Letter: http://kitaiichis.dreamwidth.org/3168.html


***

Request 1 by intrikate88
Timeless (TV 2016) 
Lucy Preston, Wyatt Logan, Rufus Carlin, Denise Christopher
Letter: http://intrikate88.livejournal.com/312165.html


Request 2 by intrikate88
Metropolis: The Chase Suite - Janelle Monae 
Cindi Mayweather, DJ Crash Crash, Maestra (Metropolis: the Chase Suite), Anthony Greendown
Letter: http://intrikate88.livejournal.com/312165.html


Request 3 by intrikate88
The Conjuring (Movies) 
Ed Warren, Lorraine Warren
Letter: http://intrikate88.livejournal.com/312165.html


***

Request 1 by Ione
琅琊榜 | Nirvana in Fire (TV) 
Xiao Jing Rui, Xia Dong, Yan Que, Mu Ni Huang

My first and most important love this past year was Nirvana in Fire. I was, and am, completely addicted to this story. But! Yes, I understand about Art, and yadda yadda. I don’t care. My top desire is for a happy ending. I think Lin Shu/Mei Changsu deserves to live, and Nihuang deserves to be happy, after staying faithful for thirteen years. 

I want a fix it in which we see how she deals with Lin Shu with Mei Changsu’s face and personality, and I want to see Jingyan and LS/MCS back on their old footing of friendship—I didn’t feel we nearly got enough of them together post-reveal, before LS/MCS rode off to his end. I love the brotherhood between them.

I also regret the unfinished business with Jingrui, Marquis Yan, Gong Yu, Consort Jing, who deserved a face to face after all her faithful support.

My favorite pairing is Lin Shu/Mei Changsu/Nihuang. I think she is awesome, and I'd love to see her get a happy ending. I love the friendship between Jingyan and Lin Shu/Mei Changsu, and would be interested in seeing how they reach their old level of friendship post reveal.

Alternate NIF stories: Gong Yu also deserves happiness, and the one who likes her best is Yujin. And if anyone would accept a girl of questionable birth but who is a total badass, it would be Marquis Yan. I would love to see a love story happen there.

As for AU’s, I also thought Prince Yu utterly fascinating. He was so generous and loving at his best moments, so passionately betrayed at the end, and so courageous. I would love to see an AU in which Jingyan isn’t there, and LS/MCS has to find a moral center in Yu, and help him to win. Either he defeats Banruo (who I thought a snake) or he somehow defangs her.

Other prompts: Jingrui in Southern Chu, and his experiences as a prince in a foreign land. Or he is really treated as a prince, since his truth birth was not legitimate? (Also I thought Prince Ling was a crackup, and would love to see more of him.)

Xia Gond and Nie Feng--anything with them. They are the sweetest couple. More about them would be awesome.

A lot of ideas here—as you can see, I am passionate about this one.

Letter: http://ionefic.livejournal.com/2003.html


Request 2 by Ione
Stalky and Co - Rudyard Kipling 
Stalky Corkran, M'Turk (Stalky), King (Stalky), Beetle (Stalky and Co)

Rudyard Kipling: hijinks in Study 5—would love a crossover with Psmith and Mike teaming up with Study 5 against King, or some other stuffed shirt. But anything would be great, preference for gen--friendship, fun, and adventure.

Letter: http://ionefic.livejournal.com/2003.html


Request 3 by Ione
The Sherwood Ring - Elizabeth Marie Pope 
Peaceable Drummond Sherwood, Barbara Grahame

I would dearly love a story in which Peaceable Drummond Sherwood, now Lord Thorne, and Barbara, do some adventuring in Revolutionary France a la the Scarlet Pimpernel. Bonus points for them teaming up!

And if Revolutionary France is not your thing, adventures in England (Barbara being introduced to eighteenth century London) or even early American adventures would also be awesome. What I loved about this book was the wit, the ghosts, the swashbuckling adventure. A story in the same mood would be awesome.


Request 4 by Ione
Psmith - P. G. Wodehouse 
Mike Jackson, Rupert Psmith

My favorite Mike and Psmith stories are the earlier ones. I love them in New York and at the bank, but I really love the school stories. Them getting the best of masters and bullies makes me happy. I prefer their friendship rather than sex, but if you ship them, that's fine as long as they are not schoolboys. See above under Kipling: I would jump for joy to read a crossover with Stalky &amp; Co.

Letter: http://ionefic.livejournal.com/2003.html


***

Request 1 by ionthesparrow
Awful Squad (Web Series) 

Things I like about this series: I’m actually not a big video game person, but I got into Polygon’s various series via the McElroy brothers. I love Awful Squad in particular because the very thinness/ridiculousness of the PU:BG universe really appeals to me. You get dropped on an island for no clear reason and there are just guns lying around and you have to kill everyone? What? But also: YES. I also love that Polygon, and Griffin McElroy in particular, tends to take video games as settings and then transform them into playgrounds to make whole new games and narratives. All the custom matches they create? I love it. Outside the game play, I love the team’s banter. I love Griffin’s palpable frustration when no one can get their shit together. I love, love, love that they’re SO very not good at this, but doing it anyway. I love that Russ tends to just wander off like he’s just spotted something shiny. I love that Simone keeps accidentally shooting people. I love that Justin passive-aggressively whips out his guitar every time he dies. Basically, I love all of them, and their ridiculousness and how they so often fail their way to success :) 

Also, this particular nomination is interesting to me, because I don’t know if people offering to write this fandom had in mind writing about the Creators of the series (i.e., RPF) or the Characters in this videos (i.e. the avatars). For the record: I’d be totally cool with either. One of the things I like about the series is that it exists in a sort of weird, hybrid FPF/RPF space, and if you wanted to write something that moved between those worlds, I think that’d be amazing. 

Stories I’d love to see about this series: 

* I would love a story where the real-life Awful Squad cast members are transported to the PU:BG universe and actually have to play/survive. Especially if it was in Zombie mode! I would read one million words of their disorganized attempts to outwit, hide from, communicate with or mow down zombies. 

* If you wanted to going entirely in-game and fictional, I’d love the WHOLE ENTIRE STORY of the Zombie match in which Kaysauce shows up. Who are they? Where did they come from? What happens after they communicate with the Zombies? Are there consequences for killing them? Why is everyone so insistent on taking their clothes off?

* Maybe some elements of the game escape Jumanji-style and the Awful Squad has to save New York from destruction (oh no)

* Other particular moments in the series that I would love to hear more about: Griffin being constitutionally incapable of leaving his brother behind and going back for him. Simone’s inability to parachute near her peers and her overland journeys to get back to them. Simone accidentally shooting people. Russ wandering off and getting lost.

Letter: http://ionthesparrow.dreamwidth.org/13807.html


Request 2 by ionthesparrow
Neck of the Woods - Amy Woolard (Poem) 

Things I like about this poem: the imagery in this poem is KILLER.

Two girls ride ruthlessly
Beside one another—one filthy as a story, the other filthy

As a storyteller. One girl might leave a trail of crumbs
Behind her. One might leave a line of poured-out gasoline.

&nbsp;

I mean, HONESTLY. I love the way the story skirts around What Happened or Who They Are or Where They’re Going, but you still get these waves of dread, of longing, of regret and ache. I’m a huge, huge fan of country town/southern gothic where bad things are going on just underneath a beautiful landscape. I love stories about road trips and dive bars and music and poor decision making and this poem seems to play with all those elements.

Stories I’d love to see about this poem:

* tell me who the girls in the poem are. Are they lovers? Ex lovers? Sisters? All of the above? 

* WHAT HAPPENED. Tell me what went down. What are they on the road for? Running from something? Are they Thelma-and-Louise-style cross country crime-spreeing? Running to something? Dodging the end of the world? Do you want to write something chronicling how it all goes down in flames? Is the narrator one of them or someone else? How do they fit in? 

* Do you want to write a fix-it? Do you want to write a many-years-later sequel? I’m INTO IT. 

* Heist gone wrong fic. If you want to write about lesbian bank robbers, I would love you forever. 

* Enemies to lovers (to enemies?) What kind of break up ends with imagery of "pouring out a trail of gasoline"?

* Unreliable narrator stories. Drama clearly happened in this poem, what do the same events look like through several sets of eyes?

Letter: http://ionthesparrow.dreamwidth.org/13807.html


Request 3 by ionthesparrow
EDS "Cat Herders" (Commercial) 

Things I like about this commercial: Okay, this commercial came out one million years ago, and I still think about it, so that says something. This commercial taps right into my love of ridiculous situations played straight. I love the deadpan listing of scars. I love the cowboys casually cradling the cats. I LOVE THE DETERMINED CATS GOING ACROSS THE RIVER. I also love cowboy stories in general. I love stories that give a good sense of place and cowboy stories are full of that. 

Stories I’d love to see about this commercial: 

* WHAT IS THIS WORLD? Where are the cats going? What happens when they get there? 

* What are the tricks of the trade? What are stories and lore of cat herders? CAT GHOST STORIES???? CAT TALL TALES?

* What are the cats like? 

* Are they on another planet? 

* The story of the Formative Learning Experiences of Young Cowboy? 

* The story of the One Cat that stands out in someone’s memory?

Letter: http://ionthesparrow.dreamwidth.org/13807.html


***

Request 1 by ishie
King Creole (1958) 
Crawfish Seller (King Creole), Danny Fisher (King Creole)

My long-shot fandom of one! Law of averages says one of these years someone might write it! Let me just say: I would be so happy with anything. ANYTHING. Crawfish Seller and Danny Fisher. Tell me a story. *chinhands* (I ship it like whoa, thanks to this duet: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQOlgXaSDy8, anywhere on a spectrum from realistic and heartbreaking, to totally gauzy fantasyland happily ever after style, but not shipping them is also great.)

Loads more optional details in my letter if you're into it. Like, waaayyy too many.

HARD NOTE: The movie is like 400% white in the middle of mid-century New Orleans for whatever (racist) reason. I'd prefer stories in conversation with that rather than recreating it (aka please don't be an oblivious racist dick?).

HARD NOPES: animal deaths/cruelty; a/b/o; non- or dub-con, rape, abuse, and/or incest glamorized or done up as ~romance~

Letter: http://ishie.dreamwidth.org/624230.html


Request 2 by ishie
Back to the Future (Movies) 
Biff Tannen (Movie), Buford Tannen, Gertrude Tannen, Griff Tannen (Movie)

I got a wonderful story about Biff in Yuletide2015 (https://archiveofourown.org/collections/yuletide2015/works/5447510), but there can never be enough Tannenfic for me! Please consider these all to be and/or character selections if you want.

I really enjoy complexity in characters, and was disappointed that the Tannens were so one-dimensional in the movies, and I've always wanted to know more about Buford and Biff, and the never-seen Gertrude, and where did Griff come from, and and and. Does Biff go somewhere else between picking up the sports book and 1955? What happened between 1955 and 1985 and 2015 in the first improved timeline to make him so obsequious in middle-age and so bitter in old? Could Griff turn out to not be a dumbass? (Is he in love with one or both of Marty's kids?) Does the casino timeline bleed into another and a Tannen has to fix it instead of a McFly? Does Doc's family run across a Tannen we didn't meet? Do they interfere with Buford's hanging? Or or or. And! Tom Wilson is pretty great—often my favorite part of all three movies on rewatching—so if you channel him, I will adore you for the rest of time. Or OUTATIME. (I'm sorry. It was just sitting there. I had to.) 

More prompts and things in the letter if you're so inclined!

HARD NOTE: I cannot in 2017 deal with the Biff-Trump comparisons, so please no alt-1985 if you can avoid it.

HARD NOPES: animal deaths/cruelty; a/b/o; non- or dub-con, rape, abuse, and/or incest glamorized or done up as ~romance~

Letter: http://ishie.dreamwidth.org/624230.html


Request 3 by ishie
The Good Place (TV) 
Chidi Anagonye, Eleanor Shellstrop

Uh, obviously, Eleanor and Chidi are soulmates, whatever else the afterlife throws at them. I thought through most of s1 that the point of the Good Place wasn't that it was the good place but that it was a place where people could get one more shot at *being* good, and tbh I'm kind of still headcanoning it? I freaking love that I can't predict any of the actual factual show decisions, too. This is about the only show I'm 100% current with at all times (this, and Superstore!) so feel totally free to write 100% canon-compliant up to whatever point you're at when you write it, or dive into one of those other Good Places, or dream up your own Michael-approved situation! (I'm also not at all opposed to their being multiple configurations of soulmates, fyiii)

Please step over to the letter if you're looking for more rambling about these two forking adorable dummies.

HARD NOTE: No hard notes, just nothing but OMG YESSS in the show's direction and also yours!

HARD NOPES: animal deaths/cruelty; a/b/o; non- or dub-con, rape, abuse, and/or incest glamorized or done up as ~romance~

Letter: http://ishie.dreamwidth.org/624230.html


Request 4 by ishie
14th Century CE RPF 
Anne of Bohemia Queen of England (14th Century CE RPF), Isabella of France (14th Century CE RPF), Joan of England (14th Century CE RPF), Philippa of Hainault (14th Century CE RPF)

Another request from a bygone Yuletide that resulted in a wonderful gift, but I'm greedy! 

I picked these particular ladies because we've got hundreds of years of junk about their husbands/fathers/sons/brothers. I want stories about them. Especially about having to leave their homes to marry strangers. Especially Joan of England, who died on the way (one of the first English victims of the Black Death :( ) and was only 14 or 15 years old at the time, and Isabella, who was also called the She-Wolf of France. Anything, really! I picked all four but any combination or solo would be great, too.

I've been deep into Shakespeare's histories and pre-Tudor biographies for years, and I'm always struck by two things: how comparatively little importance is placed (by us, mostly) on the marriages that helped broker and break alliances and treaties, and on the women who were so married off and what they did once they were. And most especially in how they related to each other: Isabella of France schemed with her lover to replace her husband on the throne with her son, who she married to Philippa of Hainault. Philippa's favored daughter, Joan of England, left to marry in Spain and never made it there, dying in a camp along the way. Anne of Bohemia came to marry Richard II, against the wishes of most of his court and one of the two rival popes of the time (!!). (re: Anne of Bohemia, I am S U P E R interested in how she was repeatedly cast as the champion of the people against Richard; and re: Isabella of France, omg everything.) Anyway. Royal ladies! How do they talk to each other? What do they know/remember/wish of each other? Do they resent their lives or are they content? Did they dream of being queens regnant, with no kings above them? How much influence do they have over their relatives? Do they think about the generations to come? *_*

There's more in the letter if you want to check it out.

HARD NOTE: I would really like stories in which the ladies win, whether it's happily or not.

HARD NOPES: animal deaths/cruelty; a/b/o; non- or dub-con, rape, abuse, and/or incest glamorized or done up as ~romance~

Letter: http://ishie.dreamwidth.org/624230.html


Request 5 by ishie
Cormoran Strike Series - Robert Galbraith 
Cormoran Strike, Robin Ellacott

Another prior request I can't get enough of. The end point of the last book is like an open wound!

Uh, so I am super into detective stories of all kinds, everything from Monk and Wishbone to Dashiell Hammett, Law &amp; Order(s), and Agatha Christie. The whole range of it. I love it. I LOVE IT. I also love casefic like burning. What I love best about this series, though, is Cormoran/Robin. I think the latest book is the most well-written of the series so far, with the tidiest and most satisfying conclusion and the least irritating "I know something you don't know" reveal from Cormoran himself. I ship these two dummies like whoa, though. The slow burn is THE BEST but it is also KILLING ME, BUSTER. If you want to play with that or just have them be good friends, I'm fine either way. But if you have them make out I will probably try to make out with you through the computer screen, so, just. You know. Let that be a warning and/or incentive? (It would be really great if you stayed in the time period after Robin comes to work for Cormoran, as I'm much less interested in their backstories than in their now-stories, but you do you!) 

I genuinely adore JKR's facility with voices and pacing, and if you'd like to include any of the other characters, that would be lovely! I am not kidding about hating Matthew and Charlotte, though I don't particularly want bad things to happen to them. (Some mildly bad things, maybe. Mostly whatever it takes to get them far, far, far, far away with no takebacks.)

There's plenty more in the letter!

HARD NOTE: I am a big big big fan of how Cormoran's amputated limb is such a big part of his life in the novels and would love to see that in fic as well.

HARD NOPES: animal deaths/cruelty; a/b/o; non- or dub-con, rape, abuse, and/or incest glamorized or done up as ~romance~

Letter: http://ishie.dreamwidth.org/624230.html


Request 6 by ishie
True Grit (2010) 
LaBoeuf (True Grit), Mattie Ross

Okay so by this point you've noticed that I haven't really opened my heart to any new fandoms this year. I tried! But the old ones are still the best ones, so: here's yet another Yuletide repeat request. (I LOVE the fic that exists for this fandom but I want moooore.)

What I love about this movie (and book), which is in my Top Five of all-time: Mattie Ross. She's such a little persimmon, as likely to pray for your soul as to damn you to hell herself, and so loyal and vengeful and mean and innocent. I love Rooster Cogburn in all his offensive, awful, rude, drunk, valiant glory. I love LaBoeuf's braggadocio and hunger for notoriety as much as his idiocy. I'd love any kind of adventure, solo/duo/trio, either on the road where we didn't see or years later. Or character pieces. I'd be delighted by anything but death or torture, really. (Even those are negotiable.)

As always, more details in the letter if you're looking for that kind of thing!

HARD NOTE: Right off the bat I need to tell you that I ship Mattie/LaBoeuf years down the line. And any story about Mattie after the events in the territory that doesn't deal with her amputation is kind of a deal-breaker for me. I don't expect a story has to be about it entirely, but erasing or eliding it is a no-go.

HARD NOPES: animal deaths/cruelty; a/b/o; non- or dub-con, rape, abuse, and/or incest glamorized or done up as ~romance~

Letter: http://ishie.dreamwidth.org/624230.html


***

Request 1 by Isis
The Bedlam Stacks - Natasha Pulley 
Raphael (The Bedlam Stacks)

I am all about the worldbuilding in this fandom. Well, worldbuilding, and also Merrick/Raphael. I love the setting of the remote Peruvian mountains, and the magical realism is complex and interesting: moving statues, glowing pollen, a fantastical city perched above a river on columns of rock and glass.

I would love to read anything about the Martayuk, either more exploration of what's in the book or your completely invented additions to their lives and lore. If you would like to write about the vast prehistory of the Martayuk or Bedlam or the Forbidden Forest, it's fine to omit Raphael as a character, but I would like to have a Martayuk character (canon or original) involved somehow. I'd also be interested in something set during Merrick's grandfather's time with Raphael. How much does he figure out? How much does he know?

But as I said, I also ship Merrick/Raphael, and since their relationship is only touched on very lightly in the novel, further exploration would be awesome: something set in the interstices of the book, or something set after Raphael's awakening at the end. Or if you want to go more into the supernatural, maybe Raphael somehow visits Merrick's dreams, or vice versa, during his stone-bound time?

I am fine with inclusion of Mori (and/or Thaniel, and/or other characters from The Watchmaker of Filigree Street), or any other crossover that seems appropriate to you, as long as I know the other fandom. 

DNW: I do not want fic focusing on pregnancy or children (mentions of either are fine), A/B/O or BSDM dynamics, or major character death. I do not want fic that uses unconventional pronouns (e.g. 'xie'), nonstandard capitalization or punctuation.

Please see my letter for general likes.

Letter: http://isis.dreamwidth.org/179972.html


Request 2 by Isis
The Chrysalids - John Wyndham 
Rachel (The Chrysalids), Michael (The Chrysalids)

I am all about the worldbuilding in this fandom. I love the little hints of actual geography, how Rigo must be Rigolet and Lark is Lark Harbour and Newf is of course Newfoundland. (According to Wikipedia, Waknuk is actually the town of Wabush.) I am fascinated by the way the fundamentalist religion has taken over the townspeople's lives, and about the lives of the Fringes people, and the sailors who venture close to the Badlands, and the speculation about the Tribulation.

So if you want to go full-on worldbuilding, you are welcome to leave out my requested characters and write about a sailor's adventures (Uncle Axel's, maybe, or the ones who came close to shore in his tales, or completely original sailors either from Rigo or elsewhere), or people elsewhere in the civilized world (that is, Labrador). Or maybe people elsewhere in the uncivilized world – maybe there are people in western North America, or in Europe, who are rebuilding after the Tribulation. If you take that last route, please ground it somehow with what we know from canon, so it doesn't feel like a completely original work – perhaps have David or other characters on a future mission there to find other telepaths. I'm less interested in Zealand, but if you have a great idea, feel free to explore it.

But if you want to stick closer to canon, I'd love a story about Michael's journey to rescue Rachel, and their journey to Zealand. His speech to the Zealand woman, at the end, is so beautiful and heartfelt, and I want their story. How do they make it out of Waknuk without being discovered and killed? How do they go to Zealand – do they travel overland, or make their way to sea and travel that way? Do the Zealanders return to assist them? Maybe Petra stays in touch with them and helps coordinate. Maybe they discover another colony of telepaths, and stay with them instead. This would lend itself well to a CYOA-style IF, if you like! (Whatever you do, I'd prefer it to end happily; in IF, have at least one happy ending!)

DNW: I do not want fic focusing on pregnancy or children (mentions of either are fine), A/B/O or BSDM dynamics, or major character death. I do not want fic that uses unconventional pronouns (e.g. 'xie'), nonstandard capitalization or punctuation.

Please see my letter for general likes.

Letter: http://isis.dreamwidth.org/179972.html


Request 3 by Isis
Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard - Rick Riordan 

I am not kidding when I say 'any' – I love all the nominated characters and their relationships with each other. If you've got an idea already, go wild! That said, I ship Magnus/Alex, Hearthstone/Blitzen, and Samirah/Amir, so please do not break up any of these relationships. (I also ship Jack/Riptide – pendant and pen! :-) But I really like the ensemble feel of the books, and a gen adventure is just fine with me. I love that the characters, once they become friends, are so incredibly loyal to each other. I also am happy for any other canonical character to show up, either from this series or the Percy Jackson/Heroes of Olympus books, and as I say in my general likes, I'm fine with crossovers with fandoms I know or with real-world people. The exception is that I do not want any sort of a crossover with the MCU.

Non-romantic relationships I particularly like are Hearth and Blitz as quasi-parents to Magnus; Sam and Alex's growing sibling relationship, united in their dislike and distrust of their common parent; and Magnus and Sam's friendship. Individually, I particularly like Sam's reconciliation of her strong religious faith with her calling in a completely different religious tradition; Amir coping with his discovery that the world (and his betrothed) are very different from what he'd believed; Hearth's feelings of isolation from the 'elf norm' due to his deafness, and his magical ability that is limited by his own issues; Blitzen's insecurities about his crafting abilities being outside the 'dwarf norm', and his amazing fashion sense; Alex's cockiness and comfort in his or her (as appropriate) own skin, and Alex's presumably literal genderfluidity (shapeshifting!); and Magnus doggedly chasing (hah!) what he knows is right, balancing his affection for his blood family with that for his found family as he tries to save the world.

I don't have many specific prompts, but any backstory explorations (particularly for Hearth and Blitz, and for Sam), expansions of things we see in canon (like Sam's Valkyrie-ing), or canonesque adventures (Hotel Valhalla shenanigans, more encounters with giants or dwarves or gods) would be awesome.

I would particularly like any of the couples mentioned above navigating their particular relationship minefields. Hearth and Blitz act like an old married couple, but they're beings from different worlds – Hearth's world is sunlight-drenched, and sunlight turns Blitz to stone! The tension between Amir's traditional cultural expectations and having a Valkyrie for a girlfriend. Magnus dealing with his complex feelings about his girlfriend sometimes being his boyfriend. (If you write Alex, please respect Alex's pronoun usage as in canon: sometimes he, sometimes she, as appropriate.) If you want to write porn for any of these couples (het or slash for Magnus/Alex, or both at once!), that's okay too, but if you write Samirah/Amir, please make it after their marriage, as I can't imagine them not waiting due to cultural constraint.

I will be reading The Ship of the Dead before Yuletide, so don't worry about spoilers, but also, don't feel obliged to maintain consistency with the new canon.  If I read it in October, I may add some new-canon-inspired prompts to my letter.  Don't feel obliged to take them into account, but if you haven't started writing by that time, they may be useful.

DNW: I do not want fic focusing on pregnancy or children (mentions of either are fine), A/B/O or BSDM dynamics, or major character death. I do not want fic that uses unconventional pronouns (e.g. 'xie'), nonstandard capitalization or punctuation.

Please see my letter for general likes.

Letter: http://isis.dreamwidth.org/179972.html


Request 4 by Isis
Plus One - Elizabeth Fama 
Soleil Le Coeur

I liked the worldbuilding setup in this book, the formal division of night-working Smudges and day-working Rays. I really like the backstory of Soleil and Ciel's parents working against the system, and the current political strife which is a sort of dark mirror of the historical civil rights struggle. I'm particularly fascinated that some characters are black and others white, but that's completely irrelevant in this world where one's status as Smudge or Ray is the determining factor as to one's prospects for a good education, a good job, and the respect of one's fellows.

If you want to go full-on worldbuilding, I'd be totally happy with a story about any minor character, or original characters set in this world. It would be great if it intersects with some canon characters in some way, but if you want to write about your favorite Noma (canon or original), or about the government setting up the original switch to day/night living, or about the government dealing with the radicals who want to undo the system, go right ahead and leave Sol out of it.

But if you'd like to write about Soleil, I'd love something postcanon. The book's ending leaves so many things open, and while clearly it was originally setting up for the next book in the series, there's no next book coming any time soon (and maybe at all). So bust her out of prison – or assume she's been busted out, and write about her joining the revolution to take down the system. I'd be happy to read Sol/D'Arcy, Sol/Gigi, or a V or triangle Sol/D'Arcy/Gigi – or Sol reconciling with Ciel (but no Sol/Ciel please, or Ciel/Gigi other than the canonical backstory) as part of this, but I'm really not in it for the shipping here, and not interested in porn for this fandom.

DNW: I do not want fic focusing on pregnancy or children (mentions of either are fine), A/B/O or BSDM dynamics, or major character death. I do not want fic that uses unconventional pronouns (e.g. 'xie'), nonstandard capitalization or punctuation.

Please see my letter for general likes.

Letter: http://isis.dreamwidth.org/179972.html


Request 5 by Isis
Wiedźmin | The Witcher (Video Game) 
Cerys an Craite (Witcher Games), Cirilla Fiona Elen Riannon (Witcher Games)

I spent much of last winter playing Witcher 3 and its DLCs, and I loved it so much. I got the Witcher Ciri ending, and in the sauna scene I had Ciri tell Astrid that she prefers women. (And I think I've written the only Ciri/Astrid fic on the AO3!) So my vision of Cirilla is of a physically and mentally strong lesbian who's adept with a sword and her own magical abilities. But if you don't see her that way, that's okay – feel free to write or draw Empress Ciri, or heck, Huntswoman Ciri or Political Rebel Ciri or whatever.

I ship Cirilla/Cerys and I think they'd make a great couple, though I bet sparks will fly when they disagree. In my game I supported Cerys for Queen of Skellige (and I fully admit that I actually cried during the coronation ceremony) but other outcomes would make interesting stories, too, and I think all combinations of outcome for both Ciri and Cerys have possibilities. Witcher Ciri takes on a contract to find the missing Queen Cerys? Empress Ciri on a state visit to Skellige? Ciri and Cerys having a friendly hunting competition? Or, you know, smut. If you don't ship it, these prompts can still work for gen. (Okay, not the smut!)

If Geralt's in the picture, I'm happy to have him with either Yennifer (my game choice) or Triss, or heck, Damien de la Tour, but DNW Geralt/Emhyr. I'm okay with background Yennifer/Triss, too. If you want to include anything from the first two games or the books, it's fine, as long as I can understand it in context. Conversely, since I'm not familiar with those sources, I don't care if you contradict them. 

DNW: I do not want fic focusing on pregnancy or children (mentions of either are fine), A/B/O or BSDM dynamics, or major character death. I do not want fic that uses unconventional pronouns (e.g. 'xie'), nonstandard capitalization or punctuation.

Please see my letter for general likes.

Letter: http://isis.dreamwidth.org/179972.html


***

Request 1 by issen4
琅琊榜 | Nirvana in Fire (TV) 
Lin Shu | Mei Changsu | Su Zhe, Xia Dong
Letter: http://issenllo.dreamwidth.org/75983.html


Request 2 by issen4
쓸쓸하고 찬란하神 - 도깨비 | Goblin (TV) 
Kim Shin | Goblin
Letter: http://issenllo.dreamwidth.org/75983.html


Request 3 by issen4
Tokyo Babylon 
Sakurazuka Seishirou (Tokyo Babylon), Sumeragi Subaru (Tokyo Babylon)
Letter: http://issenllo.dreamwidth.org/75983.html


***

Request 1 by itsjjoy
Robot Series - Isaac Asimov 
R. Daneel Olivaw, Elijah Baley

I am okay with a genfics, but I would prefer one focused on the relationship between Elijah and Daneel (whether you want to make it overtly or covertly romantic, I like them both). It's okay to put other characters in the fic I'd you want but it should be focused on the two of them. 

I especially love androids and I love reading about the way they interact with other people and the trouble they have trying to fit in and completely understand humans.

I love dark themes and violence as well as fluff (if not more). I love introspection and character studies, characters dealing with loss and sadness or trying to overcome insecurities or problems that seem too big for them to face. I love fluff especially when there's an unusual way to show affection, when it's not just two people saying how much they love each other but also showing it with their actions. 

I love UST, requited or unrequited. I also love smut, both the sweet and the kinky variants. I'm okay with everything from slow lovemaking to rape, but I would prefer to avoid any kink that has to do with scat and urine, if possible. Favourite kinks are bondage, NTR/cucking and orgasm delay/denial, but I pretty much enjoy anything.

I would prefer not to see parodies/crack fics, ABO AUs, fantasy AUs, vampires and werewolves, anthropomorphic animals (characters with animalistic elements such as ears and tail) in general or genderbent characters.


Request 2 by itsjjoy
Berserk 
Griffith (Berserk), Guts (Berserk), Femto (Berserk)

I'd love some introspection from one of the characters I requested, especially related to his relationship with the other one(s), but all in all I'm okay with anything featuring those characters in any point of the canon (or outside of it in a AU).

In general I like introspection and character studies, dark fics, violence, themes such as loss, death and hopelessness. UST, any kind of smut, from sweet lovemaking to rape (but please no scat and no urine, those are my only DNWs when it comes to smut), favourite kinks are bondage, NTR/cucking and orgasm delay/denial, but I pretty much enjoy anything. If you want to write fluff that's perfectly fine, I enjoy that as well, especially when it's very focused on the introspective aspect.

I would prefer not to see parodies/crack fics, ABO AUs, fantasy AUs, vampires and werewolves, anthropomorphic animals (characters with animalistic elements such as ears and tail) in general or genderbent characters.


Request 3 by itsjjoy
バチカン奇跡調査官 | Vatican Miracle Examiner 
Hiraga Josef Kou, Roberto Nicholas

I'd prefer not to see PWPs with these two. Smut is okay if that's what you want to write, but together with a plot. I'd rather see them in a romantic light with lots of UST, but a Platonic Life Partner kind of relationship is okay as well. Domestic scenes are very much approved, but also adventures and miracle investigations, and any mix of the two.  

Other DNWs are parodies/crack fics, ABO AUs, fantasy AUs, vampires and werewolves, anthropomorphic animals (characters with animalistic elements such as ears and tail) in general or genderbent characters.


Request 4 by itsjjoy
Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth 
Aiba Takumi (Cyber Sleuth), Sanada Arata (Cyber Sleuth)

I'd like a fic centred on the relationship between Takumi and Arata, be that platonic or romantic.

In general I like introspection and character studies, dark fics, violence, themes such as loss, death and hopelessness, UST, any kind of smut, from sweet lovemaking to rape (but please no scat and no urine, those are my only DNWs when it comes to smut), favourite kinks are bondage, NTR/cucking and orgasm delay/denial, but I pretty much enjoy anything. I enjoy fluff as well, especially when it's very focused on the introspective aspect.

DNWs: parodies/crack fics, ABO AUs, fantasy AUs, vampires and werewolves, anthropomorphic animals (characters with animalistic elements such as ears and tail) in general or genderbent characters.


Request 5 by itsjjoy
Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor 
Protagonist (Devil Survivor), Naoya (Devil Survivor)

I'd like a fic focused on the ship protagonist/Naoya. Any canon setting is fine, AUs are appreciated, except for those in the DNWs list.

In general I like introspection and character studies, dark fics, violence, themes such as loss, death and hopelessness. UST, any kind of smut, from sweet lovemaking to rape (but please no scat and no urine, those are my only DNWs when it comes to smut), favourite kinks are bondage, NTR/cucking and orgasm delay/denial, but I pretty much enjoy anything. If you wan to write fluff that's perfectly fine, I enjoy that as well, especially when it's very focused on the introspective aspect.

DNWs: parodies/crack fics, ABO AUs, fantasy AUs, vampires and werewolves, anthropomorphic animals (characters with animalistic elements such as ears and tail) in general or genderbent characters.


***

Request 1 by ivy
Down the Long Wind - Gillian Bradshaw 
Gwalchmai ap Lot (Down the Long Wind)
Letter: http://silverflight8.livejournal.com/401958.html


Request 2 by ivy
Shades of Grey - Jasper Fforde 
Letter: http://silverflight8.livejournal.com/401958.html


Request 3 by ivy
Seventh Tower Series - Garth Nix 
Tal (Seventh Tower)
Letter: http://silverflight8.livejournal.com/401958.html


Request 4 by ivy
Georgina Kincaid Series - Richelle Mead 
Letter: http://silverflight8.livejournal.com/401958.html


***

Request 1 by ivyfic
Sneakers (1992) 
Martin Bishop (Sneakers), Cosmo (Sneakers)

I'd love more background for these guys. Their friendship is the crux of the movie. So backstory pre arrest, or something about Cosmo in prison or Martin on the run. Did Martin ever try to contact him? Did Cosmo try to find him? Even something after the movie if it strikes you.

Letter: http://ivyfic.dreamwidth.org/1063414.html


Request 2 by ivyfic
The Eagle | The Eagle of the Ninth (2011) 
Marcus Flavius Aquila (The Eagle of the Ninth (2011)), Esca Mac Cunoval (The Eagle of the Ninth (2011))

I love all stories about these two. Slash preferred. I love anything that digs into the slavery power dynamics.

Letter: http://ivyfic.dreamwidth.org/1063414.html


Request 3 by ivyfic
Hunt for the Wilderpeople (2016) 
Ricky (Hunt for the Wilderpeople), Hec (Hunt for the Wilderpeople), Bella (Hunt for the Wilderpeople)

There are so many gaps that could be filled in this movie. Pre, during, post. I would prefer something gen, though, that maintains the general tone of the film.

Letter: http://ivyfic.dreamwidth.org/1063414.html


***

Request 1 by Izilen
Juuni Kokki | Twelve Kingdoms 
Nakajima Youko, Shoukei | Sonshou

Would like to see: Women getting things done, specially politically. Inter-Kingdom cooperation. Optimism.

Things I Do Not Want: Tragedy, angst, gore, PWP.

Would rather avoid: Shoukei and Yōko shipped together in any combination.

Potential ideas: Shoukei and Yōko working together, hanging out, travelling to another kingdom, or even just thinking or talking about each other.

Would also be happy to see: Any other Twelve Kingdoms characters, particularly friends and family of the above. Shipping okay in general, but not my preferred focus for this request (concerning these characters, I ship Yōko/Rakushun).

Please see my Letter for more details on all of the above!

Letter: http://bookofstars.tumblr.com/yuletide2017


Request 2 by Izilen
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild 
Zelda (Breath of the Wild)

Would like to see: Anything about Zelda's life one hundred years ago. More on her research and her travels. Also anything about her life after Ganon is defeated, particularly as princess or queen.

Things I Do Not Want: Tragedy, angst, gore, PWP.

Would rather avoid: Zelda shipped with anyone other than Link.

Potential ideas: Zelda seeking and finding ancient artefacts and buildings, how Zelda came to help reconstruct ancient technology. Zelda going back to Hyrule Castle and choosing what to do with it. Zelda and Link travelling together either one hundred years ago or in the future.

Would also be happy to see: Any other Breath of the Wild characters, particularly Mipha, Sidon, Urbosa, and Riju. Shippy content would be welcome, especially in the form of Link/Zelda.

Letter: http://bookofstars.tumblr.com/yuletide2017


Request 3 by Izilen
Oxford Time Travel Universe - Connie Willis 
Kivrin Engle, Polly Churchill, Merope Ward

Would like to see: Any fic about these three Oxford historians and their experience of Time Travel as people and academics. How time travel affects them emotionally. How time travel affects their studies and profession.

Things I Do Not Want: Tragedy, angst, gore, PWP.

Potential ideas: More on what you have to study in order to go to the past. Anything showing what historians do with the information they gather in the past. Anything concerning ridiculous administrative procedures they have to go through when they time travel.

Would also be happy to see: Fic about only one of these characters or inclusion of other characters from the Universe and details from anywhere in canon. Friendship fic and shippy fic with other characters. History &amp; academic nerdery. Crossovers.

Please see my Letter for more details on all of the above!

Letter: http://bookofstars.tumblr.com/yuletide2017


Request 4 by Izilen
The Queen's Thief - Megan Whalen Turner 
Eddis (Queen's Thief)

Would like to see: Eddis’s queenship. Good rulership in general, including anything concerning the difficult choices that a monarch makes.

Things I Do Not Want: Tragedy, angst, gore, PWP.

Would rather avoid: Artificial moral dilemmas designed to make characters make a horrible choice for the sake of drama.

Potential ideas: More details on Eddis’s correspondence with friends, family, and political allies and adversaries. Anything on Eddis as sovereign of her kingdom. Eddis going (maybe in disguise?) among her people. Anything on how Eddis might balance her private live and personal feelings with being a public political entity.

Would also be happy to see: Other Queen’s Thief characters, particularly Attolia and Gen, and also the rest of Eddis's family. Anything about the friendship and/or romance between Eddis and Sophos. Sexual content if you feel it works with the fic. AUs and crossovers.

Please see my Letter for more details on all of the above!

Letter: http://bookofstars.tumblr.com/yuletide2017


Request 5 by Izilen
The Dalemark Quartet - Diana Wynne Jones 
Maewen Singer, Mitt Alhammittsson

Would like to see: Maewen, either in her past or her present. Reflections on the history of Dalemark, time travel, and memory. Mitt’s character development. Good rulership in general.

Things I Do Not Want: Tragedy, angst, gore, PWP.

Would rather avoid: Sexual content where the characters are not wholly grown up (however you would define that).

Potential ideas: Anything on Mitt’s reign, his choices in governing Dalemark, and his place in historical memory.  Anything on the friendship and romance of Maewen and Mitt. The AU where Maewen does become queen, or the AU where she stays in the past.

Would also be happy to see: Any other Dalemark characters, particularly Moril, Brid and Hildy. AUs of both the different setting and different choices/timeline sort. Crossovers.

Letter: http://bookofstars.tumblr.com/yuletide2017


Request 6 by Izilen
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell - Susanna Clarke 
Arabella Strange (Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell - Susanna Clarke)

Would like to see: Something about Arabella's private life, domestic life, and hobbies. Anything about Arabella's experience of being in a world with newly-reintroduced everyday magic. Anything on Arabella being drawn into previously unknown worlds (faery, but also politics!). Anything that elaborates on the universe and history of JS&amp;MR.

Things I Do Not Want: Tragedy, angst, gore, PWP.

Would rather avoid: Shushō, Yōko, or Bunki shipped together in any combination.

Potential ideas: Arabella reading some of her husband's books, perhaps some about witches. A portrait of Arabella's friendship with either Emma Pole or Flora Greysteel. Arabella's point of view of the development of her relationship with Jonathan.

Would also be happy to see: Fic with other JS&amp;MN characters. Inclusion of details from anywhere in the book, as well as the short stories collection, and expansion on any of them. Crossovers.

Letter: http://bookofstars.tumblr.com/yuletide2017


***

Request 1 by izzybeth
17776: What Football Will Look Like in the Future - Jon Bois 
Juice (17776), Nine (17776), Ten (17776), Hubble (17776)

For clarity: Author, you do NOT need to include all the characters! I will be happy with one, or some, or all, if you wish! Please see my Dear Author letter for More Optional Details.

Letter: http://izzy.dreamwidth.org/1604300.html


Request 2 by izzybeth
Star Wars Legends: X-wing Series - All Media Types 
Wes Janson (X-Wing), Derek "Hobbie" Klivian (X-Wing), Plourr Ilo (X-Wing)

For clarity: Author, you do NOT need to include all the characters! I will be happy with one, or some, or all, if you wish! Please see my Dear Author letter for More Optional Details.

Letter: http://izzy.dreamwidth.org/1604300.html


Request 3 by izzybeth
Vorkosigan Saga - Lois McMaster Bujold 
Gregor Vorbarra, Ivan Vorpatril, Cordelia Naismith Vorkosigan

For clarity: Author, you do NOT need to include all the characters! I will be happy with one, or some, or all, if you wish! Please see my Dear Author letter for More Optional Details.

Letter: http://izzy.dreamwidth.org/1604300.html


***

Request 1 by i_am_girlfriday
Anne with an E (TV) 
Anne Shirley (Anne with an E), Gilbert Blythe (Anne with an E), Diana Barry (Anne with an E)
Letter: http://moon-was-ours.dreamwidth.org/508160.html


Request 2 by i_am_girlfriday
Superstore (TV) 
Amy Dubanowski, Jonah Simms
Letter: http://moon-was-ours.dreamwidth.org/508160.html


Request 3 by i_am_girlfriday
Halt and Catch Fire 
Donna Clark, Cameron Howe, Gordon Clark, Joe MacMillan
Letter: http://moon-was-ours.dreamwidth.org/508160.html


Request 4 by i_am_girlfriday
The Bletchley Circle 
Millie (Bletchley Circle), Susan Gray, Jean McBrien, Lucy Davis
Letter: http://moon-was-ours.dreamwidth.org/508160.html


Request 5 by i_am_girlfriday
The Handmaid's Tale (TV) 
June Osborne | Offred (Handmaid's Tale (TV)), Moira (Handmaid's Tale (TV)), Emily | Ofglen (Handmaid's Tale (TV))
Letter: http://moon-was-ours.dreamwidth.org/508160.html


***

Request 1 by I_is_a_freak
New Captain Scarlet 
Paul Metcalfe | Captain Scarlet (New Captain Scarlet), Charles Gray | Colonel White (New Captain Scarlet), Adam Svenson | Captain Blue (New Captain Scarlet), Conrad Lefkon | Captain Black (New Captain Scarlet)
Letter: http://i-is-a-freak.livejournal.com/2739.html


Request 2 by I_is_a_freak
Thunderbirds Are Go (TV 2015) 
Virgil Tracy (Thunderbirds Are Go (2015)), Penelope Creighton-Ward (Thunderbirds Are Go (2015)), John Tracy (Thunderbirds Are Go (2015)), Gordon Tracy (Thunderbirds Are Go (2015))
Letter: http://i-is-a-freak.livejournal.com/2739.html


Request 3 by I_is_a_freak
The Chronicles of Riddick Series 
Richard B. Riddick, Vaako (Riddick)
Letter: http://i-is-a-freak.livejournal.com/2739.html


***