Request 1 by quantumvelvet
Gentleman Bastard Sequence - Scott Lynch 
Ezri Delmastro, Zamira Drakasha

I'd love to see a slice of Zamira and Ezri's history on the Poison Orchid prior to the events of Red Seas Under Red Skies. A closer look at the circumstances of Ezri joining the crew, a glimpse of her working her way up from raw novice to Zamira's lieutenant, an adventure in port or on the high seas, some close brush with an Eldren horror.

While I didn't request them, I'm fond of all the nominated characters for the series (and of the rest of the cast), and would be fine with seeing them show up.

If shipping strikes your fancy, I'd be happy with Zamira/Ezri, or with the canon Ezri/Jean if you're writing something set while the Bastards are aboard the Poison Orchid.

Likes: Adventure, intrigue, magic, mystery, and mayhem, as well as quiet moments for characters to catch their breath between the former. Couples that can argue. I enjoy canon divergence AUs and for-want-of-a-nail scenarios. I'm fine with angst, character death, and sad or bittersweet endings.

I'm fine with crossovers between my requested fandoms. I'd prefer not to receive any crossovers with unrequested fandoms, however.

DNW: incest, non-con, dub-con, mundane AUs, gender headcanons, asexual headcanons PWP, domestic fluff.

Letter: http://quantumvelvet.dreamwidth.org/9877.html


Request 2 by quantumvelvet
Sunless Sea 
The Genial Magician

I'm intrigued by the Genial Magician's backstory and conflict with the Fingerkings. I'd love to see something set in his past, either before or during the early stages of his vengeance quest. I'd also love to see what you think happened to him behind the mirror.

If you want to write about the bad outcome of his personal storyline, I'd also be interested in that.

I prefer a female Zee Capatain, if one's going to make an appearance.

Likes: Adventure, intrigue, magic, mystery, and mayhem, as well as quiet moments for characters to catch their breath between the former. Couples that can argue. I enjoy canon divergence AUs and for-want-of-a-nail scenarios. I'm fine with angst, character death, and sad or bittersweet endings.

I'm fine with crossovers between my requested fandoms. I'd prefer not to receive any crossovers with unrequested fandoms, however.

DNW: incest, non-con, dub-con, mundane AUs, gender headcanons, asexual headcanons PWP, domestic fluff.

Letter: http://quantumvelvet.dreamwidth.org/9877.html


Request 3 by quantumvelvet
Long Live the Queen (Video Game) 
Elodie (Long Live the Queen), Briony (Long Live the Queen)

I'm really interested in the friendship that develops between Elodie and Briony in the game. I'd love to see the twists it might take as they both grow into their positions. I'd also love to see a future adventure, whent they're both more capable and knowledgeable than they are during the in-game treasure hunting expedition.

I do ship the two of them, and if you're in the mood to frame their relationship as a romance, I'd be equally happy with a fic that kept the canon romance ending intact, or one that turned it on its head and saw the two of them get together openly.

If you prefer Elodie with a different romance interest, the only one I'd prefer not to see her hooked up with is Kevan. For non-canon ships, I'd also prefer not to see her hooked up with Togami.

Likes: Adventure, intrigue, magic, mystery, and mayhem, as well as quiet moments for characters to catch their breath between the former. Couples that can argue. I enjoy canon divergence AUs and for-want-of-a-nail scenarios. I'm fine with angst, character death, and sad or bittersweet endings.

I'm fine with crossovers between my requested fandoms. I'd prefer not to receive any crossovers with unrequested fandoms, however.

DNW: incest, non-con, dub-con, mundane AUs, gender headcanons, asexual headcanons PWP, domestic fluff.

Letter: http://quantumvelvet.dreamwidth.org/9877.html


***

Request 1 by Quasar
Chalion Saga - Lois McMaster Bujold 
Penric kin Jurald, Desdemona (Chalion)

I would like to see something at the edges or in the interstices: Penric at Rosehall, or some of his less shattering experiences in the medical wards?  Oswyl encountering another sorcerer and lecturing them about how Penric would have done it?  Desdemona teaching her next host (this would require Penric's death, yeah, but he could still be sort-of present through Desdemona, right?)   I like both Nikys and Adelis but I sort of don't want to read fic in areas that might get jossed by upcoming canon - if you can figure out a way around that, go to town!  

Likes: case fic, action fic, hurt/comfort, sensible crossovers, nerdy details, anything from gen to explicit, preference for M/M if explicit, strong bonds of love or friendship, canon compliance, or alternate history but generally in the same universe, okay with character death if it serves the story or is part of canon

Squicks: partner betrayal, character bashing, excretions during sex, A/B/O, physical or emotional cruelty by main characters, coffee shop/high school/superhero AUs, meaningless character death, excessive focus on torture or gore


Request 2 by Quasar
Jeeves - P. G. Wodehouse 
Bertram \"Bertie\" Wooster (Jeeves - P. G. Wodehouse), Reginald Jeeves (Jeeves - P. G. Wodehouse)

I would love to see something explicit where Jeeves teaches an inexperienced Bertie.   Could be straightforward smut where Jeeves reveals services that only the BEST valet could offer, or something sweet and romantic, or something sly and clever where Jeeves arranges that they HAVE to do or else Aunt Agatha will... or whatever.

If you don't feel like smut, plotty and funny would also be lovely to have!  And there are also a lot of possibilities for crossovers:  Poirot?  Lord Peter?  Miss Marple could straighten them out, surely!

&nbsp;

Likes: case fic, action fic, hurt/comfort, sensible crossovers, nerdy details, anything from gen to explicit, preference for M/M if explicit, strong bonds of love or friendship, canon compliance, or alternate history but generally in the same universe, okay with character death if it serves the story or is part of canon

Squicks: partner betrayal, character bashing, excretions during sex, A/B/O, physical or emotional cruelty by main characters, coffee shop/high school/superhero AUs, meaningless character death, excessive focus on torture or gore


Request 3 by Quasar
Points - Melissa Scott & Lisa A. Barnett 
Philip Eslingen, Nicolas Rathe

I was sad that we didn't get to see more of the early relationship development for Nico and Philip.  They sort of went from attraction to living together between one book and the next.  How did they cross that boundary?  Did they both know the other was interested, or was there a comedy of errors along the way?  I'm a total sucker for emotions revealed because love object is in jeopardy/injured/believed dead or the like.  And I'd also love just a little exploration of what it's like for two men being members of the less-politically-powerful gender in their society.  What unthinking prejudices do they bump up against?

Likes: case fic, action fic, hurt/comfort, sensible crossovers, nerdy details, anything from gen to explicit, preference for M/M if explicit, strong bonds of love or friendship, canon compliance, or alternate history but generally in the same universe, okay with character death if it serves the story or is part of canon

Squicks: partner betrayal, character bashing, excretions during sex, A/B/O, physical or emotional cruelty by main characters, coffee shop/high school/superhero AUs, meaningless character death, excessive focus on torture or gore


***

Request 1 by QueenMabb
GG13: The Haunted World of Claire Wilmenson (Youtube) 
Emma Jo Jackson (GG13), Christian Hartzler (GG13), Claire Wilmenson (GG13), Branson Taggart (GG13)
Letter: http://twitter.com/musiwrites/status/914530607165779968


Request 2 by QueenMabb
And Then There Were None (TV 2015) 
Vera Claythorne (ATTWN TV), Philip Lombard (ATTWN TV)
Letter: http://twitter.com/musiwrites/status/914530607165779968


Request 3 by QueenMabb
Romeo And Juliet - Shakespeare 
Mercutio (Romeo and Juliet - Shakespeare), Benvolio Montague (Romeo And Juliet - Shakespeare), Tybalt (Romeo and Juliet - Shakespeare), Juliet Capulet (Romeo and Juliet - Shakespeare)
Letter: http://twitter.com/musiwrites/status/914530607165779968


Request 4 by QueenMabb
Jurassic Park III (2001) 
Billy Brennan (Jurassic Park III), Alan Grant (Jurassic Park III)
Letter: http://twitter.com/musiwrites/status/914530607165779968


Request 5 by QueenMabb
Mulan (1998) 
Fa Mulan (Disney), Li Shang
Letter: http://twitter.com/musiwrites/status/914530607165779968


Request 6 by QueenMabb
The Book Thief - Markus Zusak 
Liesel Meminger (The Book Thief - Markus Zusak), Max Vandenburg (The Book Thief - Markus Zusak)
Letter: http://twitter.com/musiwrites/status/914530607165779968


***

Request 1 by QueenThayet
Think of England - K. J. Charles 
Archie Curtis, Daniel da Silva, Fenella Carruth, Patricia Merton

I'd love to see our dynamic duos interact again at some point in the future! It can either focus on Fen and Pat or Archie and Daniel, I adore both pairings :) Maybe Archie and Daniel encounter Fen and Pat on a case for Sir Maurice? Maybe they happen to encounter them socially. Maybe someone tries to set up Archie and Fen, lol. I'm flexible as to the setting and story, and I'd love to see what you think the characters would get up to after the book. :-) Any rating is fine, I enjoy explicit fics but don't expect it if that's not your cup of tea. I do ask that you keep the ships as Archie/Daniel and Fen/Pat. DNW: Major Character Death, Underage (which shouldn't be an issue, but just in case), Noncon, or any major relationship conflicts/angst between the paired characters. I just want them to be happy together :-)


Request 2 by QueenThayet
A Charm of Magpies Series - K. J. Charles 
Lucien Vaudrey, Stephen Day

I'd love to see more of Lucien and Stephen together. I'm honestly fairly flexible as to what you want to offer, mostly I find their interactions to be amazing and super hot. It can be set during the books or afterward. I'm open to any rating you feel comfortable writing, but I feel like most of their interactions tend to be at least PG-13 given Lucien's level of not giving a fuck. Smut is much appreciated but not expected. DNW: Major Character Death, Underage (which shouldn't be an issue, but just in case), Noncon, or any major relationship conflicts/angst between the paired characters. I just want them to be happy together (or at least facing any challenges together). :-)


Request 3 by QueenThayet
Eliana's Song Series - Naomi Kritzer 
Eliana (Eliana's Song), Mira (Eliana's Song)

DNW - Noncon, Underage, Major Character Death

I love these books and these characters so much, I'd really love to see anything with the two of them. Maybe whatever they're doing after the end of Turning the Storm? Maybe as they are old ladies, decades later? I prefer fluff and happiness, but I will take anything with Mira/Eliana that you feel inspired to write. Any rating is welcome! Smut is always appreciated but not expected ;-)


Request 4 by QueenThayet
The Lodestar of Ys - Amy Rae Durreson 
Sjurd (Lodestar of Ys), Celyn (Lodestar of Ys)

DNW - Noncon, Underage, Major Character Death

Can I express to you how much I ADORE these two? Sjurd and Celyn are just like the best \"enemies\" to lovers story. I love the little stories included at the end of the book, especially about them being caught under every tree on Celyn's home island. Maybe one of those instances of being caught, lol. I just really enjoy how everyone in Ys knows how crazy in love they are, and they are just utterly ridiculous. Anything with them being cute and bickering and in love. Smut is always welcome but not expected!


Request 5 by QueenThayet
Society of Gentlemen - K. J. Charles 
Francis Webster, Gabriel Ashleigh

DNW - Noncon, Underage, Major Character Death

I really love Francis and Ash and the little snippets we see of them in the three books, but I desperately wish they had more than just a novella for us to get their POV and learn more about their relationship. I just adore these characters so I'm fairly open to whatever you feel inspired to write. Want to do an AU? Go for it! Want to stick with canon? Love it! You could take a closer look at how Ash and Gabriel coped during the letter catastrophe, you could go post-canon, you could expand on something from A Private Miscellany, anything! I'm sure I'll love whatever you write for these characters because there just needs to be more of Ash being remarkably Ash-ish and Francis being prickly and destroying people at cards but being so tender and loving toward his Gabriel. Smut is appreciated but never expected, write whatever rating you prefer. :-)


Request 6 by QueenThayet
Whyborne and Griffin - Jordan L. Hawk 
Percival Whyborne, Griffin Flaherty

DNW - Noncon, Underage, Major Character Death, Relationship angst between Griffin/Ival (other angst is okay as long as they deal with it together).

Otherwise, I'm fairly open to anything! I enjoy Whyborne being prickly and unobservant and Griffin being sort of amazed at Whyborne and also fondly tolerant of his quirks (like his hatred of the telephone or Griffin's automobile). Anything where Whyborne is recognizing and embracing his own power and importance is pretty awesome, since he normally has such a poor opinion of himself. (Griffin also tends to find this very hot). These are merely suggestions to encourage your imagination, I'm sure I will love anything written about these beloved husbands and their horrible murder town. Smut is very welcome but not expected!


***

Request 1 by queen_ypolita
God's Own Country (2017) 
Johnny Saxby, Gheorghe Ionescu, Deidre Saxby, Martin Saxby

What I loved about this film was how rooted in its settings it was. And it was also a film where seeing it made me want more: more backstory, future fic, more everything. 

I'm happy to see any combination of the nominated characters in the story, and here are a few ideas about what I'd love to see:  something about Gheorghe's past, Johnny/Gheorghe future-fic, a story that shows that Johnny actually grows up to respect his Nan and doesn't forever expect her to pick up after him, something that shows that younger Johnny wasn't such a sullen, unfeeling waste of space he was in the early parts of the film (as alluded to by his friend now in uni), something in which Johnny is happy working with his father, something about how Deidre and Gheorghe (or Martin and Gheorghe) get along.

Things that I would prefer to get: pure PWP (explicit sex is fine but I'd rather it served the story, like it does in the film itself), messing with food, Brokeback Mountain references/comparisons


Request 2 by queen_ypolita
Return to Night - Mary Renault 
Hilary Mansell, Lisa Clare, Elaine Fleming

I'm happy to have a story that features only one of the characters I've picked. I love the friendship between Hilary and Lisa in the book, that's really what I'm wishing here: depictions of female friendship or musings on why it's hard for these characters.


Request 3 by queen_ypolita
Temeraire - Naomi Novik 
William Laurence, John Granby, Tenzing Tharkay

I'm happy have a story that features one, some or all of the characters I've requested. I would like a story about friendship in some shape or from.


Request 4 by queen_ypolita
Hidden Figures (2016) 
Katherine Johnson (Hidden Figures), Mary Jackson (Hidden Figures), Dorothy Vaughan (Hidden Figures)

I'm happy to receive a story featuring one or more of the characters I've nominated in any combination. I liked the film's depiction of women's friendships and support and mentoring networks at work and outside. I'd love to have a story that focuses on the everyday work life of being a mathematician/engineer in an inspiring and exciting environment, rather than a story of a big moment (like Katherine rushing her last-minute calculations for John Glenn in the film).


***

Request 1 by Quettaser
Wonder Girls 
Lee Sunmi (Wonder Girls), Joo Yuri (Wonder Girls)

I know there isn’t a ton of canon to work with, but what is there, holy hell. Give me all the stories about Sunmi listening to Yuri’s idea to do the part switch dance and liking it too much. Or having it bring up old feelings she put aside long ago. Maybe Yuri just thought it would be something fun and silly but in practice her little crush isn’t so little any more. How do the other dancers react to Yuri’s idea? How did Yuri and Sunmi convince everyone at the company to okay doing that performance on national television? I’d also enjoy an AU of the performance, maybe involving Sunmi getting revenge on a nasty ex with Yuri’s help. There’s a lot of guns and heels imagery there that I enjoy.

Letter: http://quettaser.dreamwidth.org/515.html


Request 2 by Quettaser
Triple H (Korea Band) 
Lee Hwitaek | Hui (Triple H), Kim Hyuna (Triple H), Kim Hyojong | E'Dawn (Triple H)

With this fandom, I’m more than fine with either a canonical setting where the band is working on songs and choreography together and having a lot of emotions about each other or an AU set in the world of the 365 Fresh music video. The second option is obviously much darker than the first, but I’m definitely interested in the missing scenes from the music video and what might have happened if they survived after the jump at the end. In either setting, I prefer a threesome as the relationship focus, but I’m very into all the other dynamics that exist between these three characters. How does Hui feel about E’Dawn filming That Scene with Hyuna? How is Hyuna dealing with all of the energy and talent of these two younger labelmates? Or why do Hyuna and Hui choose to take E’Dawn with them in the car after the accident? A story about them building towards that threesome relationship - again, in either setting - would be fantastic.

Letter: http://quettaser.dreamwidth.org/515.html


Request 3 by Quettaser
Old Kingdom - Garth Nix 
Sabriel (Old Kingdom), Touchstone (Old Kingdom)

I’m desperate for more stories that take place during the restoration of the Kingdom, between the first two books. I just want to read all about Sabriel and Touchstone clearing out parts of Belisaere, training charter mage recruits, or rebuilding Charter Stones. Give me all of the adventures where these two have to be smart and strong and even a little lucky to work their way towards a new Old Kingdom. I love how easily they came to rely on each other in the books, so more exploration of that aspect of their relationship would be great. You can also include the kids too, if you want.

Letter: http://quettaser.dreamwidth.org/515.html


Request 4 by Quettaser
걸어 | All in - Monsta X (Music Video) 

There’s so much to dig into in the world of this music video. How did all the guys meet? What drew them together? Tell me more about Guy in Bathtub and Guy Carrying Gasoline’s relationship or tell me about what’s going on with the Arsonist in White. Other important questions to be answered: Just how much homoerotic touching happens when they brew the flowers? How is Arsonist in Gray so attractive? Where did Guy Who Holds Soldier’s Gun to His Head get those guns? What in the world is that thing in the sky? Any amount of world-building will make me happy and any pairing you feel inclined towards is great as I'm a multi-shipper at heart, however a relationship isn’t a requirement. Just tell me more about this world.

Letter: http://quettaser.dreamwidth.org/515.html


***

Request 1 by quietcuriosity
Design for Living (1933) 
Tom Chambers, George Curtis, Gilda Farrell

The most obvious place to go would be future-fic. Did they ever make it back to the garret? Can they truly move past any lingering jealousy? But I also wonder about them as artists and muse. How did that work once the Gentleman's Agreement became unenforceable? Did Gilda ever want to be more than a “Mother of the Arts” and create her own thing? What does success look like once they decide they need each other more the material success? And does (or how does) their relationship cause problems in regards to that?

Letter: http://quiet-curiosity.dreamwidth.org/142026.html


Request 2 by quietcuriosity
The Wicked + The Divine 
Cassandra Igarashi | Urdr, Tara (The Wicked + The Divine)

I'm interested in backstory for Tara, particularly anything that hints at what made her tick. I'm interested in Cassandra's story post-godhood but pre-Imperial Phase. How is she adapting? I'm also interested in tackling something Ananke mentioned in Tara's chapter: would she and Cassandra get along?

Letter: http://quiet-curiosity.dreamwidth.org/142026.html


Request 3 by quietcuriosity
The Good Place (TV) 
Eleanor Shellstrop, Chidi Anagonye, Tahani Al-Jamil, Jianyu Li | Jason Mendoza

The show has hinted at the various ways that the quartet have navigated the various iterations of \"The Good Place.\" I would like to see a few more of those--particularly if they are unknowingly throwing curveballs Michael's way.

Letter: http://quiet-curiosity.dreamwidth.org/142026.html


Request 4 by quietcuriosity
iZombie (TV) 
Liv Moore (iZombie TV), Ravi Chakrabarti (iZombie TV)

Liv and Ravi are the relationship for me. Given the way the last season ended, how are they navigating a Seattle where zombies are acknowledged?

Letter: http://quiet-curiosity.dreamwidth.org/142026.html


***

Request 1 by Quillori
Le città invisibili | Invisible Cities - Italo Calvino 
Berenice (Invisible Cities), Euphemia (Invisible Cities)

Tell me something about the trade in memories, or about the entwined decadence and puritanism of Berenice. Or world building about the history or culture of either city. Or the diplomatic relations between cities. (Feel free to take this as 'or' matching, and only write about one of them.)

Letter: http://quillori.dreamwidth.org/25102.html


Request 2 by Quillori
Táng Cháo | Tang Dynasty RPF 
Li He | Li Ho (Tang Dynasty RPF)

I'm fascinated by the imagery of Li He's poems, and what I would really love is a story where that imagery is real - where Li He's life follows much the course it did in reality, but he truly saw a world of ghosts and demons and almost unutterably strange things.

Letter: http://quillori.dreamwidth.org/25102.html


Request 3 by Quillori
كتاب ألف ليلة وليلة | Kitaab 'alf layla wa-layla | One Thousand and One Nights 
جعفر بن یحیی برمکی | Ja'far ibn Yahya al-Barmaki

Famous for his power and wealth, and the favour of his Caliph, famed too for his eloquence and liberality, but led suddenly away to death in the midst of all his prosperity by that same Caliph. What sort of man was Ja'far, and did he live always with the knowledge he might fall, or was it an unthinkable betrayal?

Letter: http://quillori.dreamwidth.org/25102.html


Request 4 by Quillori
Omar Rayyan - Works 
Lady in Furs (Omar Rayyan - Works), Spanish Mackerel (Omar Rayyan - Works)

A tragic young princess of an underwater kingdom, or a haunting young lady who is more than she seems... One offers worldbuilding (a beautiful and unsettling world almost, but not quite, like ours), one horror impinging on everyday life. Feel free to take this as OR matching, and only write about one.

Letter: http://quillori.dreamwidth.org/25102.html


Request 5 by Quillori
The Reluctant Widow - Georgette Heyer 
Francis Cheviot

More Francis Cheviot! Going to his tailor, playing cards, spying, seducing French agents … anything at all.

Letter: http://quillori.dreamwidth.org/25102.html


Request 6 by Quillori
Liáo zhāi zhì yì | Strange Tales from a Chinese Studio - Pú Sōnglíng 

I'm interested to see whatever you choose to make of this. Retell one of Pu Songling's stories or tell one of your own. Play around with language and allusions or concentrate on plot or on character. You could do something with the ever present fox spirits - they're viewed in such a range of ways, from meriting death through to the ambivalence of stories such as Cut Sleeve to admirable heroines (e.g. in Lotus Fragrance). Or you could do something with the relation of dreams to reality, or the extent to which stories are a type of dream. If you want to stick to a single story, you could look at Shican and Huang's relationship in Cut Sleeve - there's a lot of emotional ground at the end of that story the remains unexamined. Make your language as densely allusive or as simple as you please, your tone as light or as dramatic as you want. Gen, slash, het; light-hearted, bitingly satirical, restrained or sly or melancholy ... anything that strikes your fancy.

Letter: http://quillori.dreamwidth.org/25102.html


***

Request 1 by Quin
Shadowmarch Saga - Tad Williams 
Briony Eddon, Eneas, Barrick Eddon, Ferras Vansen

You can leave Ferras out if you like

Letter: http://docs.google.com/document/d/18RtdLX2h5zDF0pSwWAliDPToCTY16MzLZ-8I5tOHyFU/edit?usp=sharing


Request 2 by Quin
Katherine - Anya Seton 
Katherine Swynford (Katherine), John of Gaunt (Katherine)
Letter: http://docs.google.com/document/d/18RtdLX2h5zDF0pSwWAliDPToCTY16MzLZ-8I5tOHyFU/edit?usp=sharing


Request 3 by Quin
The Far Pavilions - M. M. Kaye 
Ashton Hillary Akbar (Ashok) Pelham-Martyn, Anjuli-Bai, Walter Hamilton (The Far Pavilions), Sita (The Far Pavilions)

As long as you include Ash and combine him with one of the other requested characters, you can also leave the others out (e.g. story with Ash, Anjuli and Wally, no Sita or story with Ash, Anjuli, Sita and no Wally etc.)

Letter: http://docs.google.com/document/d/18RtdLX2h5zDF0pSwWAliDPToCTY16MzLZ-8I5tOHyFU/edit?usp=sharing


***