Request 1 by tahanrien
Tomb Raider (Video Game) 
Lara Croft, Samantha Nishimura

I'd love to read something dark here. Especially after what we see in RoTR and in the comics inbetween(*), I'd love to read something about fucked up Lara and/or Sam. Could be some super unhealthy relationship that Lara and Sam fall in after Yamatai; could be some old professors of her contacting them (Outsider POV? Epistolery?); could also be nightmares (and snuggles and calming couple or friendship kisses, if you want something softer).

I could also see some rewrite-style of the game with some love/sex trope like a/b/o or red strings or soulmates being marked up when the other gets hurt. You can definitely go wild and graphic here.

I'm also super pro-femslash with them, but feel free to write it how you feel comfortable.

(*)both of which you do not need to include or even know about.

Letter: http://tanrien.livejournal.com/205601.html


Request 2 by tahanrien
Monkey Island 
Elaine Marley, Morgan LeFlay, Guybrush Threepwood

I'd love to see Morgan interact with Elaine in the first game. I could totally see some strange time travel Voodoo sending her back in time and she has all this knowledge about Guybrush, so she goes to where he is supposed to start his journey and he is there but such a failure - and there is Elaine and she is so similar to the jealous wife that Morgan met, but also super hot and super independent and Morgan follows in future!Guybrush's footsteps... If you don't want to go the femslash way - or maybe even if you do - Morgan and Guybrush could team up for the first fight against LeChuck and the trials! Feel free to make it nostalgic.

Alternatively, if you are not interested in going back to the first game - and don't want to just let Elaine and Morgan sexily work their frustrations with Guybrush out -, maybe some of Morgan's history - where does she come from, why is Guybrush such an inspiration to her, how did she grow up?

I love these characters and grew up with them (and I always wanted to marry Elaine but who didn't), so anything you write with them will be great!

Letter: http://tanrien.livejournal.com/205601.html


Request 3 by tahanrien
Wonder Woman (2017) 
The Amazons (Wonder Woman 2017), Hippolyta (Wonder Woman 2017), Diana Prince (Wonder Woman 2017), Antiope (Wonder Woman 2017)

Here, I'd love to see something pre-movie. We see that the Amazons are not only fighters and we see some of Themyscira and we see the big picture of its history, but how did the Amazons get to this point, socially? How did they handle going from their creation to peace to enslavement to revolt to war and then end up having to build their own society on an island - that sounds like the recipe for some unrest and bad but learning experiences. I'm sure it was not \"all quiet\" on the island since its creation. What were the challenges? 

I could see a focus on Hippolyta and/or Antiope here, or a random Amazon, or even some Outsider POV. 

As for another idea, pre-movie Diana and her growing up beyond what we see in the movie would be great. Did she have friends? Who was her first kiss?

I'm very open to femslash here of course and if you want, feel free to make it explicit/kinky.

I don't know the DC canon for Themyscira at all, to be honest, so feel free to either stick to it, to remain within the the movieverse or to mix it up or make up something new. You don't need to use all the characters.

Letter: http://tanrien.livejournal.com/205601.html


Request 4 by tahanrien
A Dark Room (Video Game) 
Builder (A Dark Room), Wanderer (A Dark Room)

Such a creepy game... I would love something twisted about that strange relationship between the Builder and the Wanderer. Maybe something ingame, like, how the world and their interaction and this would actually work from the perspective of the Wanderer or the Builder, and what they do with the Villagers and what their hidden motivations are. How brutal this world must be. Also, potential interaction with other Wanderers... other Builders maybe even?

I could also see this going meta, with a Builder that's self-aware enough to understand that it is in a game. If you want to go even more creepy, maybe the Builder is caught in the game? What about Wanderers (and Builders) when the gamer stops playing?

Ahh, so many possibilities. Feel free to make this very dark if you want. If you want to make it sexual and femslash-y, go for it.

Letter: http://tanrien.livejournal.com/205601.html


***

Request 1 by takadainmate
Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World (2003) 
Stephen Maturin (M&C 2003), Jack Aubrey (M&C 2003)

I would love anything hurt/comfort! My preferences are not for anything too dark. I don't mind slash or gen.


Request 2 by takadainmate
Plunkett and Macleane (1999) 
Will Plunkett, James Macleane

I'll take anything relating to these two, just nothing too dark.


Request 3 by takadainmate
Onmyouji | The Yin-Yang Master (Movies) 
Minamoto no Hiromasa, Abe no Seimei (Onmyouji)

I would love to see Seimei worrying over Hiromasa in some way or other. I'd particularly love anything h/c.


Request 4 by takadainmate
Okja (2017) 
Jay (Okja), K (Okja)

Again, anything h/c would be my preference, nothing too dark. I'd really love to see something about the fall out from the film with these two - but mostly, anything with them!


***

Request 1 by talkingtothesky
Big Eden (2000) 
Henry Hart, Pike Dexter

Please no PWP, character death or non-canon AUs. See letter for optional prompts and details.

Letter: http://talkingtothesky.dreamwidth.org/727240.html


Request 2 by talkingtothesky
Dollhouse 

Please no PWP, character death or non-canon AUs. See letter for optional prompts and details.

Letter: http://talkingtothesky.dreamwidth.org/727240.html


Request 3 by talkingtothesky
iZombie (TV) 

Please no PWP, character death or non-canon AUs. See letter for optional prompts and details.

Letter: http://talkingtothesky.dreamwidth.org/727240.html


Request 4 by talkingtothesky
Mansfield Park - Jane Austen 
Fanny Price, Mary Crawford

Please no PWP, character death or non-canon AUs. See letter for optional prompts and details.

Letter: http://talkingtothesky.dreamwidth.org/727240.html


Request 5 by talkingtothesky
Shawshank Redemption (1994) 
Ellis Boyd \"Red\" Redding (Shawshank Redemption (1994)), Andy Dufresne (Shawshank Redemption (1994))

Please no PWP, character death or non-canon AUs. See letter for optional prompts and details.

Letter: http://talkingtothesky.dreamwidth.org/727240.html


***

Request 1 by Tam_Cranver
The A-Team (2010) 
B. A. Baracus (The A-Team (2010)), H. M. \"Howling Mad\" Murdock (The A-Team (2010))

I'd really like a look at how B.A. copes after the end of the movie or even during the events of the movie. One of the things I found really interesting about his character was the tension between what his friends were asking him to do and the philosophical conclusions he reached while imprisoned--he seems to have resolved this tension by the end, but how, and where does he go from there? I also really like his friendship with Murdock, and I'd be A-OK with B.A./Murdock.

Letter: http://tamcranver.dreamwidth.org/210879.html


Request 2 by Tam_Cranver
Atomic Blonde (2017) 
Lorraine Broughton, Delphine Lasalle, The Watchmaker (Atomic Blonde), Merkel (Atomic Blonde)

I'd love something about Lorraine, whether that's her backstory, Lorraine/Delphine (fix-it AU or otherwise), or her doing spy capers with the allies she made in Berlin. Or some combination thereof.

Letter: http://tamcranver.dreamwidth.org/210879.html


Request 3 by Tam_Cranver
Joyeux Noel | Merry Christmas (2005) 
Horstmayer (Joyeux Noel), Audebert (Joyeux Noel)

I'd be interested in seeing what happens to Horstmayer and/or Audebert after WWI. Do they keep in touch? Does Audebert's relationship with his father ever improve? Does Horstmayer ever make it back to Paris to visit? How are their marriages affected by their experiences during the war? I'd be happy with a story about either of them or both of them, whether shippy or otherwise.

Letter: http://tamcranver.dreamwidth.org/210879.html


Request 4 by Tam_Cranver
Ladyhawke (1985) 
Etienne Navarre, Isabeau d'Anjou, Philippe Gaston

I admit to having something of an OT3 for this fandom, but if Etienne/Isabeau/Philippe isn't your cup of tea, I would totally be up for a story about Etienne and Isabeau's friendship with Philippe post-movie as well. There's a lot of interesting stuff there--the class differences, the less-than-ideal circumstances under which Philippe met Etienne and Isabeau, the fact that two of them survived living under a curse for so long, and I'd love a story about how any of these issues affects these three characters, their relationships with each other, and/or their ability to live a 'normal' life post-movie.

Letter: http://tamcranver.dreamwidth.org/210879.html


Request 5 by Tam_Cranver
Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939) 
Jefferson Smith (Mr. Smith Goes to Washington), Clarissa Saunders

I'd love to see Clarissa and Jeff's future. Does Jeff stay in politics? Does Clarissa develop a political career of her own or go on to make a name for herself in some other field? How does their relationship work out? I'd like to see them stay together or at least be friends, and not get bitter and disillusioned, but an exploration of the challenges they face would be really cool.

Letter: http://tamcranver.dreamwidth.org/210879.html


Request 6 by Tam_Cranver
아가씨 | The Handmaiden (2016) 
Hideko (The Handmaiden), Sook-hee (The Handmaiden)

I'd really like to see  what Hideko and Sook-hee get up to after the movie--where they go, how they make a living (or if they live off Hideko's inheritance), how their relationship develops. Alternately, it might be cool to see something about Sook-hee pre-movie, her history thieving or how she discovered she liked girls.

Letter: http://tamcranver.dreamwidth.org/210879.html


***

Request 1 by Tangerine
X-Factor (Comics) 
Julio Richter (X-Factor), Shatterstar (X-Factor)
Letter: http://tangeriner.dreamwidth.org/109080.html#cutid1


Request 2 by Tangerine
Akatsuki no Yona | Yona of the Dawn 
Jae-Ha (Akatsuki no Yona), Kija (Akatsuki no Yona), Shin-Ah (Akatsuki no Yona), Zeno (Akatsuki no Yona)
Letter: http://tangeriner.dreamwidth.org/109080.html#cutid1


Request 3 by Tangerine
Final Fantasy XI 
General Rughadjeen, General Gadalar
Letter: http://tangeriner.dreamwidth.org/109080.html#cutid1


Request 4 by Tangerine
ばらかもん | Barakamon 
Kido Hiroshi, Handa Seishuu
Letter: http://tangeriner.dreamwidth.org/109080.html#cutid1


Request 5 by Tangerine
Samurai Champloo 
Jin (Samurai Champloo), Mugen (Samurai Champloo)
Letter: http://tangeriner.dreamwidth.org/109080.html#cutid1


***

Request 1 by tannne
Burnt (2015) 
Tony Balerdi, Adam Jones (Burnt)

In my \"Dear Yuletide Author letter\" will be a lot more rambling about each fandom and why I love it and maybe more important, what I love about it. Just in case you're interested in that.
Okay, so if you choose to write about Tony and Adam, here's what you need to know:
A) I need Tony and Adam to end up together, somehow. If you want to write a get together fic or simply a slice of life where they are already in a relationship with each other, that's all fine with me.
B) Change whatever you need in the movie verse to get them together, but please don't make a total AU out of it, like they are both teachers and meet at school (I like AUs, but don't want one right now)
C) What I do not want is a fic, where they don't end up in a relationship with each other, cheat on each other or an unhappy ending (like one of them having a terminal illness or dying )(it's Christmas, come on ;-) ) 
D) You can be PG and fluffy or as explict as you want, entirely up to you. However, if you want to be explicit, it needs to be top Tony and bottom Adam, which I really love.

Letter: http://tannne.livejournal.com/766.html


Request 2 by tannne
John Wick (Movies) 
John Wick (John Wick), Santino D'Antonio (John Wick)

In my \"Dear Yuletide Author letter\" will be a lot more rambling about each fandom and why I love it and maybe more important, what I love about it. Just in case you're interested in that.
So, if you're writing about John and Santino, here's what you absolutely need to know. 
A.)You can change whatever you need in the movies, so 1. Santino doesn't end up dead and 2. John and Santino are at the end of your fic in a relationship with each other. (It would be also nice if Santino would show a bit more of his softer side and not be total bitchy and maybe even tell John that he loves him? ) However you shouldn't go AU where John owns a coffee shop and Santino is one of his customers or something like that (I love AUs, just don't want one right now).
B.) I need a happy ending. One in which John and Santino are in a committed relationship with each other and both are alive and more or less healthy. Other characters can die as it pleases you, I'm not squeamish.
C.) No cheating on each other during the fic. 
D.) Of course it's entirely up to you how explicit you get. I love fluff just as much as hot sex. However, if it's explicit, I need it to be top John and bottom Santino, which I just love.

Letter: http://tannne.livejournal.com/766.html


Request 3 by tannne
Hit the Floor (TV) 
Jude Kinkade, Zero | Gideon

In my \"Dear Yuletide Author letter\" will be a lot more rambling about each fandom and why I love it and maybe more important, what I love about it. Just in case you're interested in that.
Okay, so if you're writing about Jude and Zero, here's what you need to know.
A) I need them to still be in a relationship. Their relationship is one of my biggest highlights of the show. :-) 
B) No cheating, character death or terminal illness, please. I need a happy ending. It's Christmas ;-)
C) One of my favorite things of their relationship is, how whipped Zero is and that he doesen't even realize it. (I mean, he buys Jude a car, spies for him, tells him his real name, and (my all time favorite from the summer special) lies for Jude and is ready to obstruct justice when he thinks Jude tried to kill Jelena but nooo, he's not interested in a relationship and doesn't love Jude ;-) ) I also love their \"I love you, stupid\"s.
D) Don't make it an AU. Here are some ideas what you could include.... focus on how Jude's the one in their relationship who's got the pants on and is the one with a plan and all rational. Or Jude proproses to Zero, he did after all catch that bouqette at the wedding... the other players reaction to Jude &amp; Zero's on going stable relationship - after all not something they are used from Zero ;-)
E) I love fluff just as much as hot sex. But if you decide to be explicit, remember top Jude, bottom Zero, that's how I love it.


Request 4 by tannne
4th Man Out (2015) 
Adam (4th Man Out), Chris (4th Man Out)

In my \"Dear Yuletide Author letter\" will be a lot more rambling about each fandom and why I love it and maybe more important, what I love about it. Just in case you're interested in that.
Here's what you need to know about Adam and Chris:
A) I need Adam and Chris to end up together. That's what annoyed me soo much at the movie. That boy didn't get bestfriend, who happend to be a boy, but instead some car guy. How you chose to do that, ignore car boy ever existed and pretend it didn't happen at all, have them split up, have him die in a car accident - entirely up to you ;-) But don't make it an AU were they are FBI agents or something... ;-)
B) So, while I don't have any trouble with that car guy ending up dead, or Chris' girlfriend, for that matter, Adam and Chris need to be very much alive at the end of you fic. And no terminal illness or cheating on each other either, please. I just need a happy ending with all loose ends tied up, nice and square.
C) Fluff and hot sex are both equally great. How down and heavy you get, is entirely up to you. But if things get explicit, please make it top Adam and bottom Chris, that's what I love.

Letter: http://tannne.livejournal.com/766.html


***

Request 1 by tantamoqwrites
Temeraire - Naomi Novik 
William Laurence, Tenzing Tharkay

Laurence/Tharkay, canon-compliant: how do they settle into civilian life? how do the politics of dragon emancipation work? anything that shows how their relationship develops from where we left them in the books to the true love story we were robbed of.
(alternatively, if you're feeling brave, a retelling of LoD as it should have been... take this as generously as you will, dearest writer)
Things I don't like: any kind of AU, Laurence/Roland, too much Temeraire (a little bit is, obviously, fine), too many historical inaccuracies.


Request 2 by tantamoqwrites
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell - Susanna Clarke 

(Or the tv series, both are great)
John Segundus/John Childermass, post-canon. How is life in magical England? How does their relationship evolve - what faerie crisis brings them together? 

Things I like: English magical folklore, people who are very different bickering with each other, magic as something scary but also alluring, slow burn.


Request 3 by tantamoqwrites
Rivers of London - Ben Aaronovitch 
Peter Grant (Rivers of London), Thomas Nightingale

Peter/Nightingale (canon-compliant, I guess, but I haven't read the comics, and also refuse to believe that Peter/Beverley is endgame). Similar to above re: things I like, but also: case fic with something related to London's long history of occult and mysterious things (graveyards to ruins, but also nouveau mystery too: the solitary nature of the empty tube carriage, the otherworldliness of high rises, how no one fits in and therefore everyone and everything does), Nightingale being incredibly gay and not too closeted, Peter being earnest but not an idiot (Ravenclaw, remember!),  angst, slow burn, cups of tea.


***

Request 1 by tanyart
Integrate - Thea Hayworth 
Sezin (Integrate), Gavin Hayes

I honestly would love anything involving Sezin and Gavin's developing relationship but if I had to pick, something pre-canon would be great, especially from Sezin’s point of view.  Or, if writeranon is feeling more on the nsfw side, Gavin happily exhausting Sezin in bed is good too, haha.

Letter: http://tanyart.dreamwidth.org/32726.html


Request 2 by tanyart
Captive Prince - C. S. Pacat 
Nikandros (Captive Prince), Jord (Captive Prince)

I am super into these two left-hand men falling for each other, possibly bonding about their issues of loyalty/failure for their respective princes (or kings, haha!).

Letter: http://tanyart.dreamwidth.org/32726.html


Request 3 by tanyart
The Goblin Emperor - Katherine Addison 
Cala Athmaza, Deret Beshelar

Romance or platonic relationship, I’m good with either! Both Deret and Cala being intensely supportive and loyal to each other, and their emperor as well.  Would love something about their competency or working together, and being able to work together for long hours without getting too tired of each other while still being intimate.

Letter: http://tanyart.dreamwidth.org/32726.html


Request 4 by tanyart
Destiny (Video Game) 
Eriana-3, Wei Ning

Anything about these girlfriends being goofy guardians but SO in love despite their differences, though I won't say no to reading about their inevitable tragedy beneath it all.

Letter: http://tanyart.dreamwidth.org/32726.html


***

Request 1 by Tarlan
Blade Runner 2049 (2017) 
Rick Deckard (Blade Runner 2049), Officer K (Blade Runner 2049)

I'm a slash fan at heart but would happily accept GEN if that's not your thing.

Prompt idea: 
SLASH: Post-movie... Deckard finds K injured and saves him
GEN: What if K really was Deckard and Rachel's child?

Likes: Alternate Universe (canon or make up your own!), apocalypse stories of any kind are always adored, missing scenes, hurt/comfort, angst, action, slash (any rating), romance, crossovers/fusions, HAPPY EVER AFTER!

Dislikes: kink (BDSM, Dom/s etc), HET, deathfic (BUT temporary death is fine), genderswap/bend, domestic fics (buying curtains!), PWP, threesomes(moresomes), sad/bitter endings (fandom is my happy place)


Request 2 by Tarlan
A Gifted Man 
Zeke Barnes, Michael Holt (A Gifted Man)

I'm a slash fan at heart but would happily accept GEN if that's not your thing.

Prompt idea: Zeke is injured and Michael has to save him

Likes: Alternate Universe (canon or make up your own!), supernatural elements (vampires, werewolves, ghosts etc), apocalypse stories of any kind are always adored, missing scenes, hurt/comfort, angst, action, slash (any rating), romance, crossovers/fusions, HAPPY EVER AFTER!

Dislikes: kink (BDSM, Dom/s etc), HET, deathfic (BUT temporary death/vampires is fine), genderswap/bend, domestic fics (buying curtains!), PWP, threesomes(moresomes), sad/bitter endings (fandom is my happy place)


Request 3 by Tarlan
Blood Ties (TV) 
Mike Celluci (Blood Ties), Henry Fitzroy (Blood Ties)

I'm a slash fan at heart but would happily accept GEN if that's not your thing. I do not mind the inclusion of Vicki and Coreen but I'd prefer the focus was on Mike and Henry.

Prompt idea: Henry has to save Mike from some evil demon/creature

Likes: Alternate Universe (canon or make up your own!), supernatural elements (vampires, werewolves, ghosts etc),  apocalypse stories of any kind are always adored, missing scenes, hurt/comfort, angst, action, slash (any rating), romance, crossovers/fusions, HAPPY EVER AFTER!

Dislikes: kink (BDSM, Dom/s etc), HET, deathfic (BUT temporary death is fine), genderswap/bend, domestic fics (buying curtains!), PWP, threesomes(moresomes), sad/bitter endings (fandom is my happy place)


***

Request 1 by Tassos
The Black Tapes Podcast 
Alex Reagan (The Black Tapes Podcast), Richard Strand (The Black Tapes Podcast)

I ship Alex/Strand, but I'd also be happy with a gen story focused on their friendship. Any rating is fine. What I like about them is that even though there's this tension because of the reporter/subject dynamic, they actually do come to care about each other. It think what I would like to see is something that gets at the shared journey they've gone through and the weight of their role in opening the gates and how they've been drawn closer because of it, kind of bunker mentality. Some ideas (no need to do all or any, these are optional prompts): anything h/c would be awesome, needing to touch someone real, late night conversations when Alex can't sleep.

Letter: http://tassosss.dreamwidth.org/406985.html


Request 2 by Tassos
The Bright Sessions (Podcast) 
Caleb Michaels, Adam Hayes

I love Caleb and Adam and how they're navigating their relationship. I ship them, and fic can be any rating. I'm happy with something Gen. Their relationship one of the highlights of the story for me, that they are carving something semi-normal out of a wild world they live in, and I really like the contrast. I'm cool with bringing in other characters as you like, though I'd prefer this story have a happy ending/be upbeat. Some ideas (no need to do all or any, these are optional prompts): the two of them caught up in atypical something but still grounded with each other, the two of them working through a relationship obstacle, first times of anything.

Letter: http://tassosss.dreamwidth.org/406985.html


Request 3 by Tassos
Court of Fives Series - Kate Elliott 
Jessamy Ottonor, Kalliarkos (Court of Fives)

I ship Jes/Kal and I'm really interested in where their relationship goes after the end of the series. Feel free to mix in other characters. I'm fine with any rating. Since their statuses have changed so much, how does that change their relationship with each other? Some ideas (no need to do all or any, these are optional prompts): Kal's first leave from the army and going out on the town as the boyfriend of a famous Challenger, running into Ro-emnu, Kal meeting Jes's family after the revolution. If you want to do something during the series I'm cool with that too.

Letter: http://tassosss.dreamwidth.org/406985.html


Request 4 by Tassos
Sense8 (TV) 
Will Gorski, Wolfgang Bogdanow

I don't ship Will/Wolfgang necessarily, but I'm cool with a shippy story if you want to go there. Any rating is fine, though for these two I'd prefer something Gen. Mixing in other characters is fine too, thought I'd like the focus to be on Will and Wolfgang. These two don't get a lot of screen time together one on one, but I'm interested in their friendship and how they relate to each other. There's the contrast of cop and criminal and the shared experience of fighting in different ways. I guess I just want the two of them to have some bonding time. Some ideas (no need to do all or any, these are optional prompts): Wolfgang recovering from being taken by BPO, asking for help, heist planning.

Letter: http://tassosss.dreamwidth.org/406985.html


Request 5 by Tassos
Vikings (TV) 
Athelstan (Vikings)

Athelstan is my favorite Vikings character and I stopped watching the show after he died. I'm very much here for alive!Athelstan in season 1 or 2 pre-crucifixtion when he's living with the Vikings. I ship any and all variations of Athelstan/Ragnar/Lagertha if you want to go there. Any rating is fine. Basically I love stories about Athelstan finding his home and his place among Ragnar and his family, whether on the farm or in Kattegat, going from slave to trusted friend or lover. Some ideas (no need to do all or any, these are optional prompts): Athelstan on his own with the kids when Ragnar and/or Lagertha go raiding, keeping warm in winter, finding new faith or questioning his old faith.

Letter: http://tassosss.dreamwidth.org/406985.html


***

Request 1 by tawnyPort
IDOLiSH7 (Video Game) 
Yaotome Gaku, Izumi Mitsuki, Rokuya Nagi, Nikaidou Yamato

Any combination of pythagorasoba is a good combination so don't feel obligated to include everyone. Shippy or not is fine, higher ratings are fine, but I'd prefer lighter content or at least a happy ending. Thanks so much!


Request 2 by tawnyPort
Love Live! Sunshine!! 
Ohara Mari (Sunshine), Matsuura Kanan (Sunshine), Kunikida Hanamaru (Sunshine), Tsushima Yoshiko (Sunshine)

Request 3 by tawnyPort
蒼穹のファフナー | Fafner 
Makabe Kazuki, Minashiro Soushi

Anything featuring child!Soushi needs to be gen, though memories of any other feelings Kazuki might've been carrying are fine as long as they're not transferred to Soushi's new form.


Request 4 by tawnyPort
響け! ユーフォニアム | Hibike! Euphonium (Anime) 
Oumae Kumiko, Kousaka Reina

***

Request 1 by teacup_of_doom
Emelan - Tamora Pierce 
Dedicate Lark, Dedicate Rosethorn, Dedicate Frostpine, Niklaren Goldeye

A normal day in the life of Lark and Rosethorn, well, as normal as their lives get, at any rate. Can be set before, during, or after the Magic Circle or the Circle Opens. We know so little about the adults in the books. Bonus points if Niko and Frostpine are in there somewhere. Optional Tris, Daja, Briar and Sandry. Shipping is OK.


Request 2 by teacup_of_doom
Matthew Swift Series - Kate Griffin 
Matthew Swift, Dana Mikeda

Dana’s view of Matthew during (and after, if you so choose), of her apprenticeship with him. Can be funny, or solemn, or Matthew being Matthew and the chaos that causes. (Was he even a giant ball of chaos before the Electric Blue Angels and him became one being?)


Request 3 by teacup_of_doom
Young Wizards - Diane Duane 
Machu Picchu | Winged Defender, Ronan Nolan, Kit Rodriguez, Nita Callahan

Machu Picchu may have been the Winged Defender, but even as a parrot, he was a giant troublemaker. I want to see little bits of Machu Picchu as the parrot/Winged Defender as the young wizards experienced him/her/it, or the young wizards through Machu Picchu/the Winged Defender’s eyes. The choice is yours!


Request 4 by teacup_of_doom
Sarah Jane Adventures 
Sarah Jane Smith (Sarah Jane Adventures), Clyde Langer (Sarah Jane Adventures), Rani Chandra (Sarah Jane Adventures)

Sarah Jane’s life was always a little chaotic, but having the children in her life made the chaos so much more dangerous – and better. I want to see Sarah and the kids on a ‘normal’ day, or many -  what do they get up to, what mysteries do they solve, what fights do they get into? Or do they have a nice, fluffy, happy time? Do they meet up with anyone else in the Doctor Who universe? Bonus points if Jack Harkness worms his way in somehow. Have fun!


***

Request 1 by TeaRoses
Die Ärzte 
Farin Urlaub, Bela B

There are a few things I especially like, which are of course optional:   Kissing, unrequited love becoming requited, humor, pillow fights, first times, snowball fights, internet conversations, written letters, people getting tattoos, song lyrics being inspired by fic events, their height difference. 

Things I do not want: anything where anyone dies or is seriously traumatized, anything negative about real-life partners or family (an AU where they are not there is fine!).

Other things I really don't want in the fic: Scenes of cannibalism, scenes of butchering meat, someone having a miscarriage, rape/non-con, dubcon, mpreg, a/b/o, pedophilia, incest, kink involving excretion or serious bodily harm, fart jokes (specifically that, silly humor in general is fine if it fits the fic.) Also please no polyamorous relationships. And no crossovers this year. 

Further details are in my letter.

Letter: http://rosehiptea.dreamwidth.org/270995.html


Request 2 by TeaRoses
亜人ちゃんは語りたい | Demi-chan wa Kataritai | Interviews with Monster Girls (Anime) 
Satou Sakie, Takahashi Tetsuo

It's canon that she likes him and he seems to like her back, and since they're both adults I'd love to see them do something about it! Smut welcome but of course optional, and gen fic is also very welcome.

Things I like, which are of course optional: unrequited love becoming requited, kissing, cuddling, dates, domesticity, humor, people playing music for each other, first times, fluff, cute awkwardness, diaries and letters, internet conversations. Though if you're thinking of something less fluffy and more angsty I welcome that too. Things I do not want: Death fic, Teacher/student romance. 

General do not wants: Scenes of cannibalism, scenes of butchering meat, someone having a miscarriage, rape/non-con, dubcon, mpreg, a/b/o, pedophilia, incest, kink involving excretion or serious bodily harm, fart jokes (specifically that, silly humor in general is fine if it fits the fic.) Also please no polyamorous relationships. And no crossovers this year.

Further details are in my letter.

Letter: http://rosehiptea.dreamwidth.org/270995.html


Request 3 by TeaRoses
Jordskott (TV) 
Muns (Jordskott), Ylva (Jordskott)

I'm especially curious about Ylva and Muns. Is Muns really the very last of his kind? How did Ylva become the wise woman of the forest? Is she herself human or is it not that simple? What were Muns's people like before they were killed? 

For this prompt if you have a really good idea and you want to write about other people or characters instead, even OCs, that is fine - I just want a fic set in this universe that includes the supernatural elements and non-human characters in some way. Death fic (even beyond canon deaths) is acceptable in this fandom if that's where your thoughts lead you.

General Do Not Wants: Scenes of cannibalism, scenes of butchering meat, someone having a miscarriage, rape/non-con, dubcon, mpreg, a/b/o, pedophilia, incest, kink involving excretion or serious bodily harm, fart jokes. Also please no polyamorous relationships. And no crossovers this year.

Further details are in my letter.

Letter: http://rosehiptea.dreamwidth.org/270995.html


Request 4 by TeaRoses
Mary Tyler Moore Show 
Mary Richards, Rhoda Morgenstern

There is some serious femslash potential there. After all, neither of them seemed to have much luck with men so maybe they'd eventually realize they were better for each other? It would probably be a surprising idea for them to deal with, but they always stuck by each other so maybe they could take that step. Though if you want to write about it as a friendship instead I welcome that too - either way they had each others' backs. I would rather not have a modern AU of this where the attitude toward two women being a couple would be different. 

Things I like, which are of course optional: Kissing. Cuddling. People dressing up in fancy clothes. Unrequited love becoming requited. People quoting literature or poetry. Hurt/comfort, including emotional hurt/comfort. Diaries. Telephone conversations.

Do Not Wants: Scenes of cannibalism, scenes of butchering meat, someone having a miscarriage, rape/non-con, dubcon, mpreg, a/b/o, pedophilia, incest, death fic (or at least anyone dying young), kink involving excretion or serious bodily harm, fart jokes (specifically that, silly humor in general is fine if it fits the fic.) Also please no polyamorous relationships. And no crossovers this year.  Please no death in this fic, or at least nobody dying young.

Further details are in my letter.

Letter: http://rosehiptea.dreamwidth.org/270995.html


Request 5 by TeaRoses
River (TV 2015) 
Jackie \"Stevie\" Stevenson, John River

AU fix-it fic where Stevie isn't dead, or they were able to talk about how they felt about each other while she was still alive, seems like it would be very challenging to write but if you want to write it I'd be very happy to read it. Post-canon fic showing how he coped after he knew why Stevie died, with Stevie present only in memory would be great too. Or maybe just some interactions between River and Stevie before she died that could have happened in canon? I would rather River's \"seeing dead people\" not be made into something supernatural even in an AU fic as it does not seem to fit with canon to me. 

General Do Not Wants:  Scenes of cannibalism, scenes of butchering meat, someone having a miscarriage, rape/non-con, dubcon, mpreg, a/b/o, pedophilia, incest, kink involving excretion or serious bodily harm, fart jokes. Also please no polyamorous relationships. And no crossovers this year.  (I realize there are references to sexual abuse in the canon and that is on my do not want list. References are fine, just please no detailed scenes.)

Further details are in my letter.

Letter: http://rosehiptea.dreamwidth.org/270995.html


Request 6 by TeaRoses
Mansfield Park - Jane Austen 
Fanny Price, Mary Crawford

They are so different from each other but I can't help wondering what would happen if Mary came on to Fanny, possibly because she was wondering what her brother was so excited about. (Or before all that happened.) Fanny seems so shy but there's a little more to her than that and I wonder how she would react also. Of course if you'd rather write a gen fic that's fine too! Could they ever get along with each other?  Please no AUs that change the Regency-era time setting, and do not use characterization from any source but the book. Death in this fic is OK but please not Fanny herself.

General likes, which are of course optional: People dressing up in fancy clothes. Unrequited love becoming requited. People quoting literature or poetry. Hurt/comfort, including emotional hurt/comfort. Diaries. Written letters.

General do not wants: Scenes of cannibalism, scenes of butchering meat, someone having a miscarriage, rape/non-con, dubcon, mpreg, a/b/o, pedophilia, incest, kink involving excretion or serious bodily harm, fart jokes. Also please no polyamorous relationships. And no crossovers this year.

Further details are in my letter.

Letter: http://rosehiptea.dreamwidth.org/270995.html


***

Request 1 by tearupthesky
IT - Stephen King 
Beverly Marsh (It - King), Richie Tozier (It - King), Stanley Uris (It - King)

I haven't seen the 2017 movie so please stick to book canon if you don't mind! I love the friendship between Bev and Richie, him thinking of her as a \"good guy,\" the movie date where I always felt like Ben was kind of a third wheel, their cameo in 11/22/63 with the two of them practicing dances. I can totally see them stealing a bottle of booze and getting drunk together for the first time (actually this works with Richie and Stan too, or all three) or Bev getting Richie to practice kissing with her so she'll know what to do if Bill ever wants to kiss her for real (except, surprise, kissing Richie is also real, oops, that's awkward, and maybe he gets a boner and she's kind of curious about that and who knows what happens) or Bev sneaks through Richie's window one night after her dad hit her and she ran away because Richie has the nicest and most normal family so his house is probably safe (in the book his dad has kind of a Red Forman vibe which is great) and also she figures Richie won't make a big emotional deal over a couple of stupid bruises etc etc. Wherever your imagination takes you! I actually love Stan the most of all the Losers, little tidy anxious dry sarcastic bird-watching weirdo Boy Scout Stan, and I wish I could have protected him forever! Maybe he's all red-faced and embarrassed when Richie makes him play Spin the Bottle with Bev and Richie kisses him as a joke but it gives Stan funny pants feelings, maybe there are furtive sleepover handjobs, Richie shows him porn for the first time, Richie thinks it's hilarious to muss Stan's hair or pull his shirt untucked and all the touching Does Stuff to Stan all the time, etc. Richie and Bev would both probably think it was hilarious to scandalize proper little Stan in all kinds of ways and I am here for it.

Letter: http://tearupthesky.dreamwidth.org/943.html


Request 2 by tearupthesky
FiveThirtyEight Journalism RPF 
Nate Silver (FiveThirtyEight Journalism RPF), Harry Enten (FiveThirtyEight Journalism RPF), Clare Malone (FiveThirtyEight Journalism RPF), Jody Avirgan (FiveThirtyEight Journalism RPF)

My loyalty to Nate Silver is Brienne of Tarth-level. I will fight anyone over that nerd. I love him, I love that he holds more grudges than Taylor Swift, I love that he walked out on the New York Times like Jerry Maguire, I love that his sweaters have holes in them and his shirts gape at his belly when he puts on election stress weight and he JUST KEEPS WEARING THE SAME ONES ANYWAY, I love his twitter rants and his contrarian streak and his ferocity defending his employees past and present, and most of all I love the assemblage of misfit toys that is FiveThirtyEight, especially the podcast team, especially Harry Enten who is an IMPOSSIBLE PERSON. Jody Avirgan is a golden retriever a witch turned human. Clare Malone is a cunning chestnut-haired sunfish. Diet soda! Frisbee! This fandom has everything. Including a tumblr at fivethirtydate.tumblr.com which I am 1/2 owner of. I love to see everybody else being super defensive of Nate especially when people like actually yell at him on the fucking subway and whatever like the election was his fault, like he wasn't WARNING EVERYONE THE ENTIRE TIME, Nate Silver is a modern day Cassandra and he has NEVER DONE ANYTHING WRONG IN HIS ENTIRE LIFE. Wait, I blacked out for a second. Okay, I would love literally any pairing up to and including a foursome, I would love sexy hotel hijinks when they're on the road for a live podcast show, any trope where they get stranded somewhere, especially if it's a blizzard and Harry is ridiculously happy because it's SNOWING and his FRIENDS are here, Jody and Clare being competitive jocks together, office prank war, supernatural AU, Harry Enten is an actual cryptid, soulmate AU where Nate created the matchmaking algorithm, literally anything involving any of them, I love everyone in this bar.

Letter: http://tearupthesky.dreamwidth.org/943.html


Request 3 by tearupthesky
Buzzfeed: The Try Guys 
Zach Kornfeld (Try Guys), Ned Fulmer (Try Guys), Keith Habersberger (Try Guys), Eugene Lee Yang (Try Guys)

THEY ARE NAKED SO OFTEN! Oh man, I love the Try Guys, they are all so funny and weird and insecure in their own ways and I am just so fond. I ship Eugene/Zach and Keith/Zach (even a little Keith/Zach/Becky just in case you're into that) but I'm totally open to anything, love threesomes and foursomes, and Ned in the \"The Try Guys Get Makeovers From High School Girls\" video was so hilarious and weirdly hot it made me question all my beliefs. Write me that high school AU, stick them all on a desert island, go for hurt/comfort with Zach's chronic pain or Eugene's body image issues, send them on a wacky road trip, have them try something new and bizarre, trap them in a horror movie or video game, the possibilities are endless!

Letter: http://tearupthesky.dreamwidth.org/943.html


***

Request 1 by Tedronai
Wheel of Time - Robert Jordan 
Mazrim Taim, Logain Ablar
Letter: http://elan-morin-tedronai.tumblr.com/post/166109248769/dear-yuletide-author


Request 2 by Tedronai
The Malazan Book of the Fallen - Steven Erikson 
Silchas Ruin
Letter: http://elan-morin-tedronai.tumblr.com/post/166109248769/dear-yuletide-author


Request 3 by Tedronai
Final Fantasy XIV 
Gaius van Baelsar, Livia sas Junius
Letter: http://elan-morin-tedronai.tumblr.com/post/166109248769/dear-yuletide-author


Request 4 by Tedronai
Kushiel's Legacy - Jacqueline Carey 
Lucius Tadius da Lucca, Imriel de la Courcel
Letter: http://elan-morin-tedronai.tumblr.com/post/166109248769/dear-yuletide-author


***

Request 1 by tekuates
The Handmaid's Tale (TV) 
Aunt Lydia (Handmaid's Tale (TV))
Letter: http://tekuates.dreamwidth.org/21577.html


Request 2 by tekuates
Mona Lisa Smile (2003) 
Giselle Levy, Elizabeth \"Betty\" Warren
Letter: http://tekuates.dreamwidth.org/21577.html


Request 3 by tekuates
Dead Poets Society (1989) 
Neil Perry (Dead Poets Society), Todd Anderson
Letter: http://tekuates.dreamwidth.org/21577.html


***

Request 1 by telarna
琅琊榜 | Nirvana in Fire (TV) 
Lin Shu | Mei Changsu | Su Zhe, Xiao Jing Yan

Please don't utterly break my heart. I would love for these two idiots to be happy, but bittersweet is okay too.

Missing scenes or fork-in-the-road AUs from during the show (or their pre-show history) would be brilliant, particularly if it resulted in a romantic pairing. (I ship them really hard; if you really absolutely don’t want to go that route, please keep their connection as strong as it is in the show.)

I also don’t mind whether or not Jingyan knows MCS’s real identity; if they can find some sliver of joy without, that’s fine.

I’m not a huge fan of AUs or fusions for this pairing - their relationship is so complex I think it’s hard to transplant - but if you’ve got a burning idea, go ahead! For me the core of what I’m looking for is the relationship between these two, so if you keep that front and center, you can’t go wrong ^.^

Letter: http://macey.dreamwidth.org/59955.html


Request 2 by telarna
Madam Secretary 
Elizabeth McCord

In this fandom, my favourite thing is Elizabeth McCord, Certified Badass. I would love a story about her (alone, with Henry, with Stevie, with her minions...) dealing amazingly with some ridiculous, terrifying crisis or other. Crossovers (or fusions) more than welcome - how would declassifying the Stargate program go down? First Contact with Vulcans? Buffy-style hellmouth in DC? (Any fandom you feel like, I don’t need to know it!)

Or if crossovers aren’t your thing, how about a vanilla apocalypse? Zombies, virus, comet, weather, aliens-did-it. Does she manage to save her people? Does she win - or does she lose, but scrape together just enough resources to give the human race (or at least her little group of it) a chance? Or is it ten-years-later and she’s running a post-apocalyptic kingdom, or is right-hand-woman to whoever did land the crown?

Basically, throw her a no-win scenario, and see what happens. :D


Request 3 by telarna
Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator 
Damien Bloodmarch

I just. Damien: The Best.

Okay! Types of fic I would love:

1. Damien shipped with someone. Dadsona, Mat, Craig, his previous spouse... cute romance, people making him blush, flirting, paying him compliments, etc. Generally Happy Damien. He deserves Nice Things. Any rating fine, though not really looking for PWP.

2. Adventure Damien! Be this an AU or a crossover; how would Damien deal with actual vampires - is he one? What about a classic apocalypse? This ‘verse is such a coffeeshop AU already (soft domestic settings = win), so reverse that - what’s it the coffeeshop AU _of_? Are the Dads a Stargate team? Is Damien a Westerosi wolflord? Have fun with this!

3. Community Damien gen. Damien and Lucien, Damien hanging out with Mary, just general ‘Damien on the cul-de-sac’ fic. What was his life like before Dadsona arrived?

Thing I Don't Want: Bad Ending fic, pure angst / suffering for Damien, transition fic (unless you're trans yourself &amp; want to).


***

Request 1 by telm_393
The Good Place (TV) 
Jianyu Li | Jason Mendoza, Eleanor Shellstrop, Chidi Anagonye, Tahani Al-Jamil

Would prefer not to see: graphic sexual content, character bashing, kids, pregnancy, original characters as major characters, non-con or dub-con between any of the requested characters, unhappy/hopeless endings

I would really prefer gen/friendship fic, but I'm a-ok with ships like Jason/Janet and any combination of Chidi/Eleanor/Tahani (though Chidi/Eleanor is my favorite) as long as the ships are not the main focus of the fic. What I really want is friendship and dysfunctional found family fic with these guys, in any way. Hurt/comfort and angst would also be fantastic, because I'm a huge fan of dark/angsty fic for sitcom fandoms. 

All of my prompts for this show are spoilery (for season one and season two up to 'Team Cockroach'/2x4), so they're in the letter.

Letter: http://telm-393.dreamwidth.org/26216.html


Request 2 by telm_393
A Gifted Man 
Anton Little Creek, Michael Holt (A Gifted Man)

Would prefer not to see: graphic sexual content, character bashing, kids, unhappy/hopeless endings, shipfic

I would really prefer gen/friendship for this fandom, full stop. I would be really, really happy with h/c fic with Anton as the hurt party and some more exploration of him as having some darkness of his own, and Michael awkwardly attempting to help his...friend. There's more in the letter, because my main prompts are spoilery.

Also, I'd love other characters being included in major or minor roles, I just want the focus to be on the requested characters.

Letter: http://telm-393.dreamwidth.org/26216.html


Request 3 by telm_393
Whitechapel (TV) 
Joseph Chandler (Whitechapel), Ray Miles

Would prefer not to see: graphic sexual content, character bashing, non-canon kids (canon kids are great and even encouraged), any kind of pregnancy, original characters as major characters, romance between the requested characters, character death

I love the relationship between Joe and Miles in this show and the way that their friendship grows over time, plus how Miles tries to help Joe. I'd love h/c and some focus on Joe's mental health issues.

I'd love other characters being included in major or minor roles, I just want there to be a fair amount of focus on the requested characters. Also, I am fine with Chandler/Kent in the background.

More prompts in the letter.

Letter: http://telm-393.dreamwidth.org/26216.html


***

Request 1 by templeandarche
American Gods (TV) 
Media (American Gods (TV)), Audrey (American Gods (TV)), Laura Moon (American Gods (TV)), Mad Sweeney (American Gods (TV))

<b>What I love</b>: snark and banter, true to voice dialogue, angst, genfic (I don't mind porn, but it must have plot to go with), slow burn to relationship, UST, found families, headspace explorations, canon divergent AU's (love this so much), posing as a couple (but they've got feelings!), world building, broken boys, bad-ass's with a (secret) heart of gold, the sidekick that outshines the hero, strong women who don’t have to sacrifice their vulnerability and unrepentant bastards.

<b>What I don't love</b>: explicitly detailed rape scenes (discussing a past canon event is fine), animal harm/cruelty, incest, completely non canon AU's (everyone is dinosaurs or it takes place on Pluto etc), genderswap/mpreg, any 'play' involving bodily fluids, A/B/O, all out fluff (happy endings are ok), necrophilia, and 2nd person POV.

So, I'm a massive Gaiman fan and I was very hesitant about whether this adaption would be true enough to the source material for me. It wasn't until SDCC 2016 when I was sitting front row after camping on the street all night, staring in glee at Neil Gaiman and Ricky Whittle's faces that I saw how amazing it <i>could turn out</i>. And then the trailer completely confirmed it.The expansion on the world building and the beefing up of most of the supporting characters has been excellent and in some cases much needed - particularly for the four I've chosen. Laura especially, has just shone in this adaption and she is one of my favourites out of a cast that's mind-blowingly fantastic.

I'd love to see a take on the Mad Sweeney/Laura road trip with Audrey stuck in the middle and wondering how they hell she got there - and have Media visit each one in a different guise. What famous person or character would she mimic when appearing to Laura or Audrey? Would she even bother with a costume with Sweeney? How does Audrey react to a new God (and an old one)? What does Audrey think of the chemistry between Laura and Sweeney - is she amused or jealous or annoyed that someone else likes Laura? What happens when they find Shadow and how does it differ from where the season ended?

The other plot bunny in my brain was, just who and how has Media influenced mankind throughout the years? From newspaper to radio to TV and now Youtube and other streaming sources, she's had to adapt more than some of the older Gods, but she's part of the newer Pantheon. Did she meet Bowie and Lucy? Was she the influence for Garland's look in Easter Parade? Show me meeting who she's mimicked and include anyone else you think might be fun. For the other characters, maybe weave in how they've been touched by Media without knowing it (did Audrey have a Bowie poster on her Wall growing up, etc). For Sweeney - can he be an old God and still be influenced by Media?

If none of this get your writing fingers flying, seriously - anything with these four and I will be a happy camper.

<b>pairing(s)</b>: I ship Laura with either Audrey or Sweeney (Sweeney just a tinge more) but ONLY after she's alive again (no necrophilia please). No pairings for Media with the other three but if she seduces someone famous in your story, I'm cool with that.

Letter: http://templeandarche.dreamwidth.org/322.html


Request 2 by templeandarche
Wonder Woman (2017) 
Diana Prince (Wonder Woman 2017), The Amazons (Wonder Woman 2017), Hippolyta (Wonder Woman 2017), Antiope (Wonder Woman 2017)

<b>What I love</b>: snark and banter, true to voice dialogue, angst, genfic (I don't mind porn, but it must have plot to go with), slow burn to relationship, UST, found families, headspace explorations, canon divergent AU's (love this so much), posing as a couple (but they've got feelings!), world building, broken boys, bad-ass's with a (secret) heart of gold, the sidekick that outshines the hero, strong women who don’t have to sacrifice their vulnerability and unrepentant bastards.

<b>What I don't love</b>: explicitly detailed rape scenes (discussing a past canon event is fine), animal harm/cruelty, incest, completely non canon AU's (everyone is dinosaurs or it takes place on Pluto etc), genderswap/mpreg, any 'play' involving bodily fluids, A/B/O, all out fluff (happy endings are ok), necrophilia, and 2nd person POV.

This movie, OMG - so much amazing things crammed in my heart nearly burst. I just fell in love hardcore with Themyscira and all of it's inhabitants. Please, please gimme all the Amazons. 

(This is not to say I didn't love the latter half of the movie or Steve, I did, I just want my amazing awesome women)

Show me Diana growing up under the tutelage of her mother and Aunt Antiope and all the other women it takes to raise a Godkiller. Show me their systems for justice and what happens to an Amazon that breaks their code. How does this help shape Diana? Who is Diana's first crush? Does Hippolyta have a lover that acts as another mother to Diana? Do any of the Amazon's resent Diana for being so special? How does one handle being the only child on an island of adult women? 

If this seems like a much smaller prompt than my others, it's only because I'd really love to read anything about the Amazons. 

<b>pairing(s)</b>: Antiope/Menalippe for sure or any other Amazonian pairings, but please no Diana/Hippolyta, Diana/Antiope or Hippolyta/Antiope.

Letter: http://templeandarche.dreamwidth.org/322.html


Request 3 by templeandarche
Baby Driver (2017) 
Buddy | Jason van Horn

<b>What I love</b>: snark and banter, true to voice dialogue, angst, genfic (I don't mind porn, but it must have plot to go with), slow burn to relationship, UST, found families, headspace explorations, canon divergent AU's (love this so much), posing as a couple (but they've got feelings!), world building, broken boys, bad-ass's with a (secret) heart of gold, the sidekick that outshines the hero, strong women who don’t have to sacrifice their vulnerability and unrepentant bastards.

<b>What I don't love</b>: explicitly detailed rape scenes (discussing a past canon event is fine), animal harm/cruelty, incest, completely non canon AU's (everyone is dinosaurs or it takes place on Pluto etc), genderswap/mpreg, any 'play' involving bodily fluids, A/B/O, all out fluff (happy endings are ok), necrophilia, and 2nd person POV.

So I wasn't sure if I was going to like this flick when the other half dragged me to the theater to watch it, but surprisingly, I dug it. It's a solid action movie with great acting and a wicked soundtrack. You can't help but move in your seat when you watch it on screen.

I walked away happy with the way the film was tied up but really wanted more Buddy. Like, a spin off prequel with all the Hamm, all the time. I mean - that hair, right??

Was Bats right about Buddy's past? Based on how Buddy looked I'd say it was pretty close. I'd love to see the back story fleshed out of how he went from Wall Street to robbing banks. If that's not your cuppa, anything featuring Buddy is what I'm looking for. Again, please don't judge small prompt for filler. Buddy is amazing and deserves lots of fic. 

<b>pairing(s)</b>: Buddy/Darling all the way. If you want to show past Buddy relationships with his wife and family before he became a criminal that's fine, but Buddy/Darling is my jam.

Letter: http://templeandarche.dreamwidth.org/322.html


Request 4 by templeandarche
Final Girl (2015) 
Jameson (Final Girl), Veronica (Final Girl), William (Final Girl)

<b>What I love</b>: snark and banter, true to voice dialogue, angst, genfic (I don't mind porn, but it must have plot to go with), slow burn to relationship, UST, found families, headspace explorations, canon divergent AU's (love this so much), posing as a couple (but they've got feelings!), world building, broken boys, bad-ass's with a (secret) heart of gold, the sidekick that outshines the hero, strong women who don’t have to sacrifice their vulnerability and unrepentant bastards.

<b>What I don't love</b>: explicitly detailed rape scenes (discussing a past canon event is fine), animal harm/cruelty, incest, completely non canon AU's (everyone is dinosaurs or it takes place on Pluto etc), genderswap/mpreg, any 'play' involving bodily fluids, A/B/O, all out fluff (happy endings are ok), 2nd person POV.

Ok, this movie. It's so messed up and dark and weird and I love it. I'm definitely going for a darker angst vibe here, especially with all the screwy relationships between the characters I chose.

What I'd love to see here is the aftermath of Veronica's first assignment on her own. Where do she and William go next? Do they finally hook up (hell yes I ship it) or does he continue to keep her at arms length? Does he have another target in mind lined up? Was there a specific reason he chose this group of boys first?? I think they're all too young to be the ones who murdered his family but maybe they started killing as kids? Does William know who killed his family? 

For Veronica she developed a twisted kinship with Jameson. He was similar to her in some ways - she's what he could have been with guidance and restraint and he what could have been had she ever disobeyed or turned on William. I have this idea in my head that Jameson becomes the devil on her shoulder and haunts her a little more every day, encouraging her to enjoy the hunt more and to let loose once in a while.

Maybe show me where this can lead to? This is also a movie where my AU canon divergent love goes into overdrive so feel free to play with that if nothing I've mentioned works for you.

<b>pairing(s)</b>: I ship Veronica with William for a more happy (but dysfunctional) ship or with Jameson (but it cannot be fluffy or perfect - these two together are pretty warped and broken).

Letter: http://templeandarche.dreamwidth.org/322.html


***

Request 1 by Tenillypo
Dark Is Rising Sequence - Susan Cooper 
Will Stanton, Jane Drew, Bran Davies (Dark Is Rising)

Fix-it fic! Like most of the fandom, I'm pained by the books ending with Bran and Jane’s memories wiped and Will all alone. I ship most variations of these three -- Will/Bran/Jane, Will/Bran, Bran/Jane -- but gen is also fine. Mostly I want to see them finding their way back all together to each other as adults. Pile on as much angst as you want, as long as there’s a happy-ish ending with memories at least somewhat regained. Bonus points for piling on the Arthurian mythology and/or Welsh scenery.

Letter: http://tenillypo.dreamwidth.org/122389.html


Request 2 by Tenillypo
Wheel of Time - Robert Jordan 
Mat Cauthon, Fortuona Athaem Devi Paendrag

I'd love either a missing scene from their travels together in the time leading up to the last battle, or a peek at their later married life. Bonus for either of them secretly admiring the other. Double bonus for either of them surprising/embarrassing the other by actually admitting it. Extra double bonus for protectiveness and defending the other in public.

Letter: http://tenillypo.dreamwidth.org/122389.html


Request 3 by Tenillypo
The Lost World (TV) 
Marguerite Krux (The Lost World (TV)), John Roxton (The Lost World (TV))

These two were such a formative pairing for me—the bickering and the pining and the sexual tension! I loved the slow burn of their relationship and the amount of depth the actors were able to bring in the midst of a fairly silly show. I'd love either a day in the life adventure or a post-cliffhanger resolve, but anything would be fine as long as there's banter and affection, Marguerite being a bad ass and Roxton admiring the hell out of her for it.

Letter: http://tenillypo.dreamwidth.org/122389.html


Request 4 by Tenillypo
Sarah Jane Adventures 
Rani Chandra (Sarah Jane Adventures), Clyde Langer (Sarah Jane Adventures)

I watched this show for the first time this year, and was surprised by how much I fell in love with these two. One of my favorite episodes was \"The Empty Planet\" and I'd really love to see a story where they have to work together to get through a difficult situation. (Alien invasion? Everything going wrong at Luke's wedding? Stakes can be as low or high as you want.) Gen is fine, UST is lovely, romance totally welcome.

Letter: http://tenillypo.dreamwidth.org/122389.html


Request 5 by Tenillypo
The Scorpio Races - Maggie Stiefvater 
Sean Kendrick, Puck Connolly

Sean and Puck hit my loyalty kink really hard. What does their family looks like going forward? I'd love to see anything from their future, from a domestic slice of life, to how they deal with Malvern and Sean starting his own stables, or even an outside POV on their relationship from either of her brothers or someone else in town.

Letter: http://tenillypo.dreamwidth.org/122389.html


***

Request 1 by tenser
バチカン奇跡調査官 | Vatican Miracle Examiner 
Hiraga Josef Kou, Lauren Di Luca

Requesting Lauren/Hiraga or Hiraga/Lauren, but am ok with including Roberto! Just please do not include plots based around or descriptions of Ryota being sick, in the hospital, or dying.

Letter: http://tensergorn.livejournal.com/2604.html


Request 2 by tenser
Tsuritama 

Requesting a SLEEPOVER!! That's it! All other details up to you!

Letter: http://tensergorn.livejournal.com/2604.html


Request 3 by tenser
Tokyo Babylon 
Sumeragi Subaru (Tokyo Babylon)

Requesting a fic that focuses on Subaru and the atmosphere of Tokyo Babylon -- specifically the moral clash of dark and dirty 1990s Tokyo. Even 25 years after Tokyo Babylon's publication, the depiction of a soul-crushing metropolis feels current. And Subaru is a wonderful foil to the city. He is so conscientious and compassionate, how can he not be destroyed by the city? Any ship OK, but would prefer no OC pairings.

Letter: http://tensergorn.livejournal.com/2604.html


Request 4 by tenser
Fate/stay night (Visual Novel) 
Kotomine Kirei (F/SN VN), Matou Sakura (F/SN VN)

Requesting Kotomine/Sakura. Heaven's Feel route, being Sakura's route, is what I'm thinking of. That time where Kotomine heals Sakura... His general excitement over all things monstrous... This one is a super long shot, but I love Kotomine and I love the Matou family, and this pairing is something I've been dying for forever.

Letter: http://tensergorn.livejournal.com/2604.html


***

Request 1 by Tequila_Mockingbird
Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers 
Harriet Vane (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers), Peter Wimsey (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers), Honoria Lucasta Dowager Duchess of Denver (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers), Alexandra \"Kitty\" Climpson (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers)

Don't need all of these characters, but any of them bumping into any other one would be delightful! Canon compliant or AU is fine so long as H &amp; P are still together--I'm always fascinated by the period in between Gaudy Night and Busman's Honeymoon, or generally more of their early married life. Outsider POV is fun, as is snark and Peter being a giant nerd in love, Harriet dealing with snobs.

DNW: death of any characters we love (a stranger's dead body, on the other hand, is always welcome), any of Walsh's stuff getting up in my Sayers fix

Thanks so much!!

Letter: http://tequilamockingbyrd.tumblr.com/post/166197259876/dear-yuletide-author


Request 2 by Tequila_Mockingbird
Logan Lucky (2017) 
Clyde Logan (Logan Lucky), Jimmy Logan (Logan Lucky), Mellie Logan (Logan Lucky)

This movie was obviously very funny, and made my Carolina &amp; Virginia self happy, but what really struck me was the relationships between the Logan family. That kind of resigned bewilderment where of course there's going to be a harebrained scheme, and of course they're going to complain, but also of course they're going to end up pitching in. I'd be delighted to see something from the time before the movie or after it, and am happy for that to include romantic happiness for any of the siblings with either the characters hinted at the end, or OCs, or etc., slash or het all the same to me. If any 2 siblings are easier to work with, fine with that instead of all 3!

DNW: incest, anything too sad, hick jokes that are not made with love

Thanks so much!!

Letter: http://tequilamockingbyrd.tumblr.com/post/166197259876/dear-yuletide-author


Request 3 by Tequila_Mockingbird
Emily of New Moon - L. M. Montgomery 
Emily Byrd Starr (Emily of New Moon - L. M. Montgomery)

'Absolutely anything' in my best and most enthusiastic Emily italics! A moment from another character's perspective, a snapshot of Teddy &amp; Emily or Ilse &amp; Perry's future life, some happiness for Dean, etc. etc. Didn't choose specific characters because Emily interacting with anyone/just her own writing &amp; thoughts works for me. Would love Emily's psychic skills to come into play! I'm also a big old nerd, so period details are my jam. Mostly interested in canonical pairings but you could sell me on Ilse/Emily or I'm just as happy to have gen. 

DNW: tragedy, infidelity, Dean/Emily

Thanks so much!!

Letter: http://tequilamockingbyrd.tumblr.com/post/166197259876/dear-yuletide-author


Request 4 by Tequila_Mockingbird
Monstrous Regiment - Terry Pratchett 
Polly \"Ozzer\" Perks (Monstrous Regiment), Maladict (Monstrous Regiment), Tilda \"Lofty\" Tewt (Monstrous Regiment), Magda \"Tonker\" Halter (Monstrous Regiment)

Sing me the song of my ridiculous soldier children! I ship Polly/Maladict like burning, and would be delighted to see anything of that, especially future fic, but also pleased to have them being goofy friends. Tonker &amp; Lofty's life of vigilante crime is also A++ Would be intrigued to explore some gender stuff in re: how much each or any of them feel firmly like girls in disguise vs. more ambiguous stuff. Would be happy to have really any other characters show up, or to get pre-story stuff about the lives of those who are not Polly, or outside POV; I don't need all of those characters to be included. Especially love Polly being competent. 

DNW: character death, Tonker/Lofty breakup or as \"just friends\" (fine if that's how you read them, but in that case don't include them please!)

Thanks so much!!

Letter: http://tequilamockingbyrd.tumblr.com/post/166197259876/dear-yuletide-author


Request 5 by Tequila_Mockingbird
The Proposal (2009) 
Margaret Tate (The Proposal), Andrew Paxton (The Proposal)

I'd be super excited to see some outsider POV of this one? Either before, during, or especially after the movie; people who do/don't know they're working together vs. dating, people who think they know it's a sham, coworkers gossiping frantically about the whole thing... Alternatively really anything where they have to navigate/confront the messiness of their work life and personal life colliding, his family shenanigans, her reputation... mostly I love these guys when things are mostly going wrong but they're making it work!

DNW: them breaking up, infidelity, Margaret ceasing to be a badass once she finds love, even if she steps back a little from being the wicked witch

Thanks so much!!

Letter: http://tequilamockingbyrd.tumblr.com/post/166197259876/dear-yuletide-author


Request 6 by Tequila_Mockingbird
The Queen's Thief - Megan Whalen Turner 
Eugenides (Queen's Thief), Moira (Queen's Thief), Eugenides the God (Queen's Thief), Attolia (Queen's Thief)

Would be really intrigued by anything to do with the gods--their perspectives, more folklore, etc. Don't need all of the characters, was just generally suggesting! I adore every inch of Gen, the little sh*t, and always love to see him making everyone's life more difficult. Anything where Irene gets to be ruthless and brilliant and terrifying is a plus. Outsider POV of their relationship, either in or out of the know, sounds super fun. I enjoy politicking but certainly don't mind more private emotional stuff.

DNW: breaking up Gen &amp; Irene, character death, infidelity, All Medes Are Evil

Thanks so much!!

Letter: http://tequilamockingbyrd.tumblr.com/post/166197259876/dear-yuletide-author


***

Request 1 by teshumai
Champions (Comics) 
Kamala Khan (Champions), Sam Alexander (Champions), Miles Morales (Champions)

This three are my favorites but I do love while crew so don't feel limited to just these three, viv, amedeous, and cyclops are more then welcome.

prompts: 

1-future fic with Ms. Marvel, Spiderman, and Nova as the core of the avengers/superhero society.

2-This is a little more broad but just them being best friends and there for each other through thick and thin and all the emotional turmoil of being superheroes and teenagers

you can ship them anyway you want ot3 or two with one out or with the other champions or with their own book love interest (except miles/gwen because i'm still not sure how i feel about that) or totally gen. I'll be happy any which way you slice it. 

My only hard dnw is no movie verse crossovers (and this goes for all my requests) the mcu is great but it's different and I want to read about comics.

Last bit of business I read comics through marvel unlimited so I am perpetually six months behind so well spoilers are not a big deal I would appreciate if you didn't build your whole story around something that happened in the lastest comics.

Letter: http://teshumai.dreamwidth.org/2614.html


Request 2 by teshumai
Iceman (2017 Comics) 

I kind of want bobby/johnny fic and I can go into their relationship more in my letter but to be totally honest i'll be happy with some ice power/fire power porn, because secretly that's the driving impulse of the pairing

I would also be into re-examing previous arcs and relationships from before marvel decided he was gay (if you really love me you'll give me lesbian zelda)

I would be interested charcter study stuff in how young bobby feels about old bobby.


Request 3 by teshumai
X-Factor (Comics) 
Shatterstar (X-Factor), Julio Richter (X-Factor)

anything, everything, i want it all, sorry i know that's not helpful. 

I guess i'd be interested in filling in some backstory, how we got together stuff. I'd be interested in navigating the new relationship and how to be happy when you're monogemous and the person you love is poly so you're both happy. id be interested in future adventures in time and space.


***

Request 1 by teutonix
New Dangan Ronpa V3: Everyone's New Semester of Killing 
Saihara Shuuichi (DRv3), Ouma Kokichi (DRv3)

My only Do-Not-Wants are:
- major character death
- first/second person POV
- overly NSFW (but specifically: rape, a/b/o, mpreg)

Thank you!


Request 2 by teutonix
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice 
Clark Kent (BvS), Bruce Wayne (BvS)

My only Do-Not-Wants are:
- major character death
- first/second person POV
- rape/non-con
- a/b/o dynamics
- mpreg

Thank you!


Request 3 by teutonix
The Song of Achilles - Madeline Miller 

My only Do-Not-Wants are:
- major character death
- first/second person POV
- rape/non-con
- a/b/o dynamics
- mpreg

Thank you!


***

Request 1 by Teyke
Emelan - Tamora Pierce 
Trisana Chandler

Emelan - Tamora Pierce
Characters: Trisana Chandler
Although I have requested only Tris, I'd love to see her interacting with anyone else from canon, or with OCs.

If you want to write Tris older, then I'd love to see Tris at Lightsbridge or after, with references to how it went (well or poorly, what were the challenges?) and where she is now. If you want to write her younger, I'd love to see an episode from her travels with Niko before the events of Shatterglass. 

General likes: I like gen, adventures, plottiness, fic about where characters are in the future and what they're dealing with now, or episodes/incidents in their lives/adventures that canon didn't cover. I love both longfic and shortfic: if you have an idea for something but think it would take too long, I adore the kind of short fics that show a couple of rapid scenes or highlights of where things went right/wrong/totally off the rails. I also really love small adventures or scenes that do fit into a whole but aren't presented with much of that context except what canon knowledge provides. 

Do not want (fandom-specific): Tris in a romantic or sexual relationship (reference to other characters being in whatever ship is fine, although my preference for current-day Lark and Rosethorn is Lark/Rosethorn), pregnancy, non-canon AUs (exploring places/episodes plausible for but not mentioned in canon is great, though!).
General DNWs: Sex or lead-up to sex, kink, main character death, dark!fic or totally unhappy endings.

Letter: http://teyke.dreamwidth.org/569.html


Request 2 by Teyke
Deus Ex: Human Revolution 
Eliza Cassan (Deus Ex: Human Revolution), Adam Jensen (Deus Ex: Human Revolution)

Although I have requested only Adam and Eliza and would like a fic centering on them, if you want to bring in other characters as secondaries I would be thrilled to see any of Sarif, Malik, Pritchard, Koller, Alex, Miller, or MacReady.

I would love something mission-y set post-HR. Maybe Eliza has been keeping tabs on Adam and helps him out when he gets in over his head. Maybe he helps her escape from the servers where she's confined, or get around her programming. Or, maybe she has another mission for him -- it would be interesting to see what she might want.

General likes: I like gen, adventures, plottiness, fic about where characters are in the future and what they're dealing with now, or episodes/incidents in their lives/adventures that canon didn't cover. I love both longfic and shortfic: if you have an idea for something but think it would take too long, I adore the kind of short fics that show a couple of rapid scenes or highlights of where things went right/wrong/totally off the rails. I also really love small adventures or scenes that do fit into a whole but aren't presented with much of that context except what canon knowledge provides. 

Do not want (fandom-specific): Romance (if one or both of the mains finds the other fascinating, that's cool, but I'd prefer it not be romantic in nature), pregnancy, non-canon AUs for HR canon (feel free to be much more lax about canon details that occurred in the other games or books).
General DNWs: Sex or lead-up to sex, kink, main character death, dark!fic or totally unhappy endings.

Letter: http://teyke.dreamwidth.org/569.html


Request 3 by Teyke
Thief (Video Games) 
Garrett (Thief Original Series)

Although I have requested only Garrett, I'd love to see him interacting with anyone else from canon, or with OCs.

I would love anything about Garret post-, pre-, or during canon. A heist gone right, or a heist gone wrong. Or preparations for a heist, or dealing with added complications after a heist. Or Artemis trying to get him to come to his senses, and demonstrating his own master stealthiness. Or something involving the weird world-building or magic (TDP was so trippy and I loved it!). Or maybe something set post-T:DS, with the City in an uproar caused by the reveal of the Keepers. If you want to bring in the recent 2014 game, something where he is somehow thrown into the future and has to deal with whatever and whoever he finds there? Anything so long as the fic is centered around adult original!Garrett.

General likes: I like gen, adventures, plottiness, fic about where characters are in the future and what they're dealing with now, or episodes/incidents in their lives/adventures that canon didn't cover. I love both longfic and shortfic: if you have an idea for something but think it would take too long, I adore the kind of short fics that show a couple of rapid scenes or highlights of where things went right/wrong/totally off the rails. I also really love small adventures or scenes that do fit into a whole but aren't presented with much of that context except what canon knowledge provides. 

Do not want (fandom specific): Anyone in a romantic or sexual relationship (somebody having a one-sided crush on somebody else is fine, but please do not have it reciprocated), pregnancy
General DNWs: Sex or lead-up to sex, kink, main character death, dark!fic or totally unhappy endings.

Letter: http://teyke.dreamwidth.org/569.html


Request 4 by Teyke
Chalion Saga - Lois McMaster Bujold 
Lupe dy Cazaril, Ista dy Chalion

Although I have requested both Ista and Caz, I would be fine with a fic that had only one of them interacting with other nominated characters instead (ex. Ista and Iselle with no Caz, or Caz and Palli with no Ista).

I would love to see something post-canon, or, if Caz is one of the characters, something set post-canon or post-Curse of Chalion. Caz having adventures in running the country and going back to war; if Ista is a character, then maybe they wrote each other or saw each other at some point after the end of Curse of Chalion: what did they discuss? Was there a third party creating some problem to resolve? If post-Paladin of Souls, then Ista taking to adventuring as a profession would be great -- and, again, if both, sympathetic discussion between the two. Or maybe they disagree on something and argue about it?

General likes: I like gen, adventures, plottiness, fic about where characters are in the future and what they're dealing with now, or episodes/incidents in their lives/adventures that canon didn't cover. I love both longfic and shortfic: if you have an idea for something but think it would take too long, I adore the kind of short fics that show a couple of rapid scenes or highlights of where things went right/wrong/totally off the rails. I also really love small adventures or scenes that do fit into a whole but aren't presented with much of that context except what canon knowledge provides. 

Do not want (fandom specific): Canon ships being broken, non-canon AUs, non-canon AUs (exploring places/episodes plausible for but not mentioned in canon is great, though!).
General DNWs: Sex or lead-up to sex, kink, main character death, dark!fic or totally unhappy endings.

Letter: http://teyke.dreamwidth.org/569.html


***

Request 1 by teyla
The Thick of It (TV) 
Jamie MacDonald, Malcolm Tucker

Please see Yuletide letter!

Letter: http://teyla.dreamwidth.org/353092.html


Request 2 by teyla
Doctor Strange (2016) 
The Cloak of Levitation (Doctor Strange 2016), Stephen Strange (Doctor Strange 2016)

Please see Yuletide letter!

Letter: http://teyla.dreamwidth.org/353092.html


Request 3 by teyla
Atomic Blonde (2017) 
Lorraine Broughton, Delphine Lasalle

Please see Yuletide letter!

Letter: http://teyla.dreamwidth.org/353092.html


***

Request 1 by thawrecka
Chronicles of Prydain - Lloyd Alexander 
Fflewddur Fflam (Chronicles of Prydain), Taran of Caer Dallben (Chronicles of Prydain), Gwydion (Chronicles of Prydain), Eilonwy (Chronicles of Prydain)

No non-canon character death, please and thank you. Any point in canon is fine, and you don't have to use all four characters, though that would be great.


Request 2 by thawrecka
Imperial Radch Series - Ann Leckie 
Justice of Toren One Esk Nineteen | Breq, Seivarden Vendaai, Mercy of Kalr, Athoek Station

Doesn't have to be all four characters. No specific request - surprise me.


Request 3 by thawrecka
Atomic Blonde (2017) 
Lorraine Broughton, Delphine Lasalle

I loved their relationship in the movie, and would love to see more of it, even in a before/during/after kind of sense.


***

Request 1 by The Blue Escapist (theblueescapist)
Binti - Nnedi Okorafor 
Binti (Binti), Okwu (Binti)

I love Binti so much, she is just so awesome. And I really like her relationship with Okwu, both during the first book and the glimpses of it we see in Binti:Home. Binti and Okwu solving some Oomza Uni assignment together would be fantastic, as would any character piece set after the first book about Binti dealing with the fact that Okwu is now her friend despite what happened.
A gen friendship story would be awesome, but if you’re more inclined towards romantic/sexual stories, feel free! 

Do-Not-Wants: anybody calling Binti names, humiliation and/or torture of any kind, watersports/scat

Letter: http://theblueescapist.tumblr.com/post/166117138491/dear-yuletide-author


Request 2 by The Blue Escapist (theblueescapist)
Chaos Rings (Video Games) 
Escher (Chaos Rings), Musiea (Chaos Rings)

Characters: Escher, Musiea

I'd love something in their original scenario, showing how they deal with each other once everything is revealed, either if they get thrown back in time or if they defeat the Qualia. Both gen or explicit welcome!

Do-Not-Wants: anybody calling Musiea names, humiliation and/or torture of any kind, watersports/scat

Letter: http://theblueescapist.tumblr.com/post/166117138491/dear-yuletide-author


Request 3 by The Blue Escapist (theblueescapist)
Wayfarers Series - Becky Chambers 
Ohan (Wayfarers Series), Artis Corbin

I wish we’d seen more of Ohan, such an interesting character. I guessed that Corbin would do to Ohan what he did, but I was surprised by Ohan’s reaction after the fact, so I’d really like a story that further explores what happens between them afterwards.
I would love a romantic relationship between them, but a gen story is welcome too if you don’t think it’s plausible.

Do-Not-Wants: humiliation and/or torture of any kind, watersports/scat

Letter: http://theblueescapist.tumblr.com/post/166117138491/dear-yuletide-author


***

Request 1 by The Librarina (tears_of_nienna)
Vikings (TV) 
Athelstan (Vikings), Lagertha (Vikings), Ragnar Lothbrok

Athelstan/Lagertha/Ragnar is my OT3, but if that's not your thing, then I also really love the dynamic between Athelstan and Lagertha. What happens while Ragnar is off raiding in Season 1? etc. I am a Bad Catholic so I'm fascinated with Athelstan's constant crisis of faith.

Major Character Death is a squick for me so feel free to play fast and loose with canon, or go for a straight-up AU if that catches your fancy. I love Vikings AUs--modern-day, or fantasy, or outer space...I'm not into A/B/O universes, but that's about it.

Letter: http://thelibrarina.tumblr.com/post/166180821835/dear-yuletide-writer


Request 2 by The Librarina (tears_of_nienna)
Nimona (Webcomic) 
Ballister Blackheart, Ambrosius Goldenloin

I would love to see the Youthful Adventures of Ballister and Goldenloin. Or the Post-Canon, Not-Quite-As-Youthful Adventures of Ballister and Goldenloin. I'd like to see them learning to trust each other again, if that's the case. And I do ship them, so if you'd like to take it to slash territory I would be delighted.

Letter: http://thelibrarina.tumblr.com/post/166180821835/dear-yuletide-writer


Request 3 by The Librarina (tears_of_nienna)
Tiger & Bunny 
Kaburagi T. Kotetsu, Barnaby \"Bunny\" Brooks Jr.

I’d prefer Barnaby and Kotetsu as a romantic pairing, but anything that shows their partnership progressing would be amazing. I’m an absolute sucker for hurt/comfort, of the physical or emotional variety. Please no downer endings, though, Kotetsu’s had enough of that in his life already. &lt;3

Letter: http://thelibrarina.tumblr.com/post/166180821835/dear-yuletide-writer


Request 4 by The Librarina (tears_of_nienna)
Captive Prince - C. S. Pacat 
Damen (Captive Prince), Laurent (Captive Prince)

I'd love to see a fic with Damen and Laurent learning to trust each other as kings. If that theme also extends to the bedroom, so much the better! (I'm aware that Laurent's past trauma may crop up in a fic like this, and I'm definitely OK with that, as long as it's handled kindly.)

Letter: http://thelibrarina.tumblr.com/post/166180821835/dear-yuletide-writer


Request 5 by The Librarina (tears_of_nienna)
Temeraire - Naomi Novik 
William Laurence, John Granby

I high-key ship Laurence and Granby, but if that's not your thing then anything with Granby and Iskierka would be absolutely wonderful. What’s happening between or behind the scenes, what Granby is doing while Laurence is busy saving/betraying/embarrassing England, etc. :)

Letter: http://thelibrarina.tumblr.com/post/166180821835/dear-yuletide-writer


Request 6 by The Librarina (tears_of_nienna)
Star Wars: Aftermath - Chuck Wendig 
Sinjir Rath Velus (Star Wars: Aftermath)

Let me sing you the song of my love for Sinjir Rath Velus, and how I just want him to be HAPPY. If he gets to be happy with Conder, even better. If they want to be happy in bed together…yes, please.

Letter: http://thelibrarina.tumblr.com/post/166180821835/dear-yuletide-writer


***

Request 1 by TheBigCat
Ruby Redfort Series - Lauren Child 
Ruby Redfort (Character), LB (Ruby Redfort), Agent Blacker (Ruby Redfort)

Anything would be cool, but I especially like gen fics that involve the Gang on some sort of mission- official case or otherwise!! fluff or angst, it's all good


Request 2 by TheBigCat
Tanis (Podcast) 
Geoff Van Sant (Tanis), Meerkatnip | MK (Tanis), Nic Silver (Tanis)

No Nic/MK unless Geoff is in there too- otherwise Geoffic or gen is cool. no smut. otherwise Everything Is Cool and I'd like to see any sort of fic you have to offer


Request 3 by TheBigCat
Kiki Strike - Kirsten Miller 
Luz Lopez, Ananka Fishbein, Kiki Strike

Ananka is gay. that is all.

seriously, any sort of fic would be awesome, I don't even care what you do. Go wild.


***

Request 1 by thecarlysutra
What Happened To Monday (2017) 
Saturday Settman (What Happened To Monday)

DNW: sex that is anything less than enthusiastically consensual; anything about institutionalization (asylums especially) or graphic details of severe mental illness, especially with regards to suicide and self-injury.

I am so intrigued by this family, and the way they've had to fit themselves into this world, how they've sacrificed to live in the world just one day a week, how most of the world they see through each other. I love them all, but Saturday, <i>Saturday</i>. The girl who has dance recitals instead of school, who goes to bars instead of the office, the girl who bleaches her hair and wears bright makeup… the party girl who loves life, but has never been touched, the beautiful girl who is nervous about men and sex, who swallows her fear to put her sisters’ lives above her own. I want to know about her. I want to know all about her.

Letter: http://carlyinrome.livejournal.com/966751.html


Request 2 by thecarlysutra
Thunderheart (1992) 
Ray Levoi, Walter Crow Horse

DNW: sex that is anything less than enthusiastically consensual; anything about institutionalization (asylums especially) or graphic details of severe mental illness, especially with regards to suicide and self-injury.

For this fandom, I really want post-canon stories, not just <i>what happens after Ray leaves the rez</i>, but further down the road when Ray is less shell shocked. I ship Ray and Walter and their snarky star crossedness <i>hard</i>, but if that's not your flavor, I would still adore them working together as friends and partners. Please not too much pain for this fandom. Obviously there is the potential for darkness, especially if you delve into either man's past, but let's not meditate on the bad parts too hard. I love fluffy domestic shenanigans from the Levoi-Crow Horse household--stuff like hurt/comfort (I just really enjoy Ray being forced to let his armor down long enough for Crow Horse to play doctor), putting together new furniture or an appliance or a bicycle (For a child? For Christmas? For their child?! I'm getting myself worked up.) … I would <i>adore</i> a story where they have to go to a somewhat formal event, a family wedding or a political fundraiser, quietly united as each other’s solid ground in an unfamiliar terrain.

Letter: http://carlyinrome.livejournal.com/966751.html


Request 3 by thecarlysutra
Popular (TV) 
Sam McPherson, George Austin

DNW: sex that is anything less than enthusiastically consensual; anything about institutionalization (asylums especially) or graphic details of severe mental illness, especially with regards to suicide and self-injury.

A lot of what I love about this show is how bizarre and ridiculous and dramatic it is, but for this story, I am really hoping for something different tonally, something… adult. Sam McPherson is going to grow up and be something; she will have a life after Kennedy, and I want to know about it. I really like Sam and George together, and I wish she had gotten to have a relationship that was about <i>Sam</i>, and not that girl living in Brooke McQueen’s shadow. I would really like this story to be Sam-centric, to show how she blooms once she is able to disentangle her roots from the strangleholds of Kennedy High; of a family where she is an afterthought at best and a pariah every other week; of a world where she is a romantic consolation prize to every boy whose eye she's ever caught; of Brooke McQueen, Homecoming Queen. I'm sure there's probably a lot of shit for Sam to wade through, like Andy Dufresne crawling through the sewer pipes to freedom, and I am also sure that, once she can breathe free and feel the rain on her face, Sam McPherson is going to stand up.

Letter: http://carlyinrome.livejournal.com/966751.html


***

Request 1 by thedevilchicken
Confident - Demi Lovato (Music Video) 
Woman (Demi Lovato), Woman (Michelle Rodriguez)

Please see my letter for likes/dislikes and prompts!

DNW: children/pregnancy; 24/7 D/s; kink negotiation; humiliation; scat/watersports/emetophilia; A/B/O; ageplay/infantilisation; genderswap; crossdressing; any mention of spiders.

Letter: http://thedevilchicken.dreamwidth.org/12623.html


Request 2 by thedevilchicken
John Wick (Movies) 
John Wick (John Wick)

Please see my letter for likes/dislikes and prompts!

DNW: children/pregnancy; 24/7 D/s; kink negotiation; humiliation; scat/watersports/emetophilia; A/B/O; ageplay/infantilisation; genderswap; crossdressing; any mention of spiders.

Letter: http://thedevilchicken.dreamwidth.org/12623.html


Request 3 by thedevilchicken
Monkey Island 

Please see my letter for likes/dislikes and prompts!

DNW: children/pregnancy; 24/7 D/s; kink negotiation; humiliation; scat/watersports/emetophilia; A/B/O; ageplay/infantilisation; genderswap; crossdressing; any mention of spiders.

Letter: http://thedevilchicken.dreamwidth.org/12623.html


Request 4 by thedevilchicken
Penny Dreadful (TV) 
Sir Malcolm Murray (Penny Dreadful)

Please see my letter for likes/dislikes and prompts!

DNW: children/pregnancy; 24/7 D/s; kink negotiation; humiliation; scat/watersports/emetophilia; A/B/O; ageplay/infantilisation; genderswap; crossdressing; any mention of spiders.

Letter: http://thedevilchicken.dreamwidth.org/12623.html


Request 5 by thedevilchicken
王室教師ハイネ | Oushitsu Kyoushi Haine | The Royal Tutor (Anime) 

Please see my letter for likes/dislikes and prompts!

DNW: children/pregnancy; 24/7 D/s; kink negotiation; humiliation; scat/watersports/emetophilia; A/B/O; ageplay/infantilisation; genderswap; crossdressing; any mention of spiders.

Letter: http://thedevilchicken.dreamwidth.org/12623.html


Request 6 by thedevilchicken
X-Treme X-Men 
James Howlett (X-treme X-men Comics), Hercules (X-treme X-men Comics)

Please see my letter for likes/dislikes and prompts!

DNW: children/pregnancy; 24/7 D/s; kink negotiation; humiliation; scat/watersports/emetophilia; A/B/O; ageplay/infantilisation; genderswap; crossdressing; any mention of spiders.

Letter: http://thedevilchicken.dreamwidth.org/12623.html


***

Request 1 by thefourthvine
Basketball RPF 
Larry Bird (Basketball RPF), Earvin Johnson (Basketball RPF)

I -- genuinely think Magic Johnson and Larry Bird might have soulbonded at the NCAA Championship in 1979. They certainly went from zero to intense, eternal focus pretty damn quickly. So what I want to know is -- what happened? Where did it go from there? How does that work, when you're playing against each other, when one of you doesn't even LIKE the other, when you're such incredibly different human beings? 

If you go with the actual soulbond, there are lots of interesting possibilities here - Larry fighting the bond, the way it affected them and their game, how it drove them to play. Or you could talk about how they finally accepted the soulbond and what it's like now, being comfortable with it and each other, years after the fighting and the struggle finally ended. Just, anything. 

And if you take the non-soulbond route (which is of course entirely welcome; this definitely doesn't have to be a literal soulbond), just what IS going on? They have SOME kind of bond, that much is clear, and I'd love to hear what it's like: forever friendship, repeating reincarnation as people obsessed with each other, multiverse-spanning romance, whatever. I just want more about this intense *thing* they have going. 

I'm good with gen, slash, and poly. Just please no straight-up infidelity. There's always gen, or unmarried AUs, or setting the sex before the marriage, or spousal knowledge and consent (my favorite!), or spousal involvement. Or something else you come up with! LET THE MAGIC (hee!) OF BIRD AND JOHNSON GUIDE YOU, basically.

DNW: Child or animal harm, character death.

Letter: http://thefourthvine.dreamwidth.org/190685.html


Request 2 by thefourthvine
Historical Farm (UK TV) 
Ruth Goodman (Historical Farm), Alex Langlands (Historical Farm), Peter Ginn (Historical Farm)

I’d love to read about these three actually traveling in time. I can think of few people more ready, more willing, and more able, and honestly it seems like a dream they all share. How does it work? When do they go to? Do they like it? Did they volunteer, or was it an accident? Are they stuck there, or do they know how to get back? How do their relationships – both to each other and to history – change, once they’re doing this stuff for real? What’s it like for them, to know they can’t just take off the clothes and go back to the modern era at the end of the day?

If you’re up for a crossover or fusion, Connie Willis’s Oxford Time Travel universe seems like an obvious choice – you could write about their youthful adventures as time-traveling historians, or about them as older, more experienced historians, maybe dealing with a net crisis or rescuing historians in trouble. 

I’d be delighted with either gen or ship fic, here. Also, feel free to add in, or sub out, Tom Pinfold, or to include other characters from the series as you choose – maybe Ruth’s daughter gets stuck back in time with them, or Professor Ronald Hutton shows up somehow, as he always seems to. 

However it goes, I’m definitely hoping for a happy ending here.

DNW: Child harm, graphic animal harm, character death.

Letter: http://thefourthvine.dreamwidth.org/190685.html


Request 3 by thefourthvine
Jazz Age Writer RPF 
F. Scott Fitzgerald (Jazz Age Writer RPF), Ernest Hemingway (Jazz Age Writer RPF)

Okay, so, look. Both of these guys were assholes. Assholes who were very weird about each other, over a long period of time, first as friends, then as bitter rivals. And they were both obsessed with masculinity, in different ways, and terrified that they were not sufficiently Manly Men with Extra Man. And they spent a lot of time thinking about each other, and about each other’s dicks, and about whether the other dude was truly a Manly Man with Extra Man; more than you would expect, maybe, for two completely straight dudes who were once friends but now for some reason stomp out of the room whenever the other is mentioned. So I am merely following in the footsteps of approximately one million scholars when I say: hey, maybe they banged. They sure seem like they wanted to. It’d explain a lot.

I would love it if you could take all this subtext and make it, you know, text. With all of their weirdnesses and fears and desires and obsessions, I think it’d be a fucked-up delight to read about. 

So. Aspiring author Hemingway trading a handjob for a hand up from noted author Fitzgerald? Sure. Uncomfortably attracted, uncomfortable friends exchanging sex tips and blowjobs because, hey, it’s Paris? Yes, please. Late-in-life, disintegrating Fitzgerald trying to revive himself by drinking from the well of Hemingway’s Certified Literary Genius? Excellent. Or anything in between. 

Obviously, I’m hoping for slash in this one.

DNW: Child or animal harm.

Letter: http://thefourthvine.dreamwidth.org/190685.html


***

Request 1 by thegirlwiththemouseyhair
Velvet Goldmine 
Arthur Stuart, Curt Wild

Please see my Dear Yuletide writer letter. I really love Arthur and Curt, but feel free to use any of the nominated characters, or even anyone who's not nominated (other band members, random extras, etc), if need be.

Letter: http://thegirlwiththemouseyhair.dreamwidth.org/337324.html


Request 2 by thegirlwiththemouseyhair
The Picture of Dorian Gray - Oscar Wilde 

Please see my letter for some prompts and ideas. Really, as long as you treat the source material with some level of respect, I think I'd be interested in hearing about any character.

Letter: http://thegirlwiththemouseyhair.dreamwidth.org/337324.html


Request 3 by thegirlwiththemouseyhair
The Eagle of the Ninth - Rosemary Sutcliff 
Marcus Flavius Aquila (The Eagle of the Ninth - Rosemary Sutcliff), Esca Mac Cunoval (The Eagle of the Ninth - Rosemary Sutcliff), Cottia (Eagle of the Ninth)

Please see my letter for some prompts and ideas.

Letter: http://thegirlwiththemouseyhair.dreamwidth.org/337324.html


***

Request 1 by thelittlestbird
Benjamin January Mysteries - Barbara Hambly 
Benjamin January, Hannibal Sefton, Rose Vitrac January, Dominique Viellard

I'm happy with a story that includes any or all of these characters. More details in my letter. Thanks!

Letter: http://ladybird97.dreamwidth.org/963848.html


Request 2 by thelittlestbird
Endeavour (TV) 

I'm happy with a story about any or all of the eligible characters. More details in my letter. Thanks!

Letter: http://ladybird97.dreamwidth.org/963848.html


Request 3 by thelittlestbird
Timeless (TV 2016) 
Lucy Preston, Rufus Carlin, Wyatt Logan

I'd prefer a story that includes all of these characters, but if you want to do only one, my order of preference is: 1) Rufus, 2) Lucy, 3) Wyatt. Lots more details in my letter. Thanks!

Letter: http://ladybird97.dreamwidth.org/963848.html


Request 4 by thelittlestbird
The Night Circus - Erin Morgenstern 
Winston Aidan \"Widget\" Murray, Penelope Aislin \"Poppet\" Murray
Letter: http://ladybird97.dreamwidth.org/963848.html


Request 5 by thelittlestbird
Being Human (US/Canada) 
Josh Levison, Sally Malik, Aidan Waite

I'd prefer a story about all three of these characters, but if you'd like to focus on only one, I'd prefer Josh. Lots more details in my letter. Thanks!

Letter: http://ladybird97.dreamwidth.org/963848.html


***

Request 1 by thelittlestdoc
Kings (TV 2009) 
Jack Benjamin, David Shepherd

I requested this fandom because THIS SHOW GUYS. No, but I seriously will never get over the trauma of this show. The writing, plotting, worldbuilding, characters, it was all so wonderful and we only got one season that ended on a CLIFFHANGER. Also, my introduction to the wonder of crying, fragile gay SebStan.

This would probably be the only fandom I picked where I'd be completely fine with dark fic. It's completely in-line with canon tone/plotting. I'd be just as happy to see our boys living in domestic bliss, somewhere, but I'd understand the dark fic. I'd like to see something really plotty or political, but fluff or first time fic would be lovely. I...sort of ship them to a pitiful degree. If you go gen here maybe going the plotty/dark route would work best.

Letter: http://thelittlestdoc.dreamwidth.org/647.html


Request 2 by thelittlestdoc
Pitch (TV 2016) 
Ginny Baker, Mike Lawson

::sighs:: This show. This show was cancelled way too soon and I'll miss it forever, but if you wanted to write me shippy Ginny/Mike fic that would certainly be comforting. I love their dynamic. I'd really love to see the buildup to an agonizingly slow-burn romantic relationship between the two of them, but really anything you want to do is fine.

Letter: http://thelittlestdoc.dreamwidth.org/647.html


Request 3 by thelittlestdoc
Lois Lane: Fallout - Gwenda Bond 

These YA novels are so delightful I want to press them into the hands of everyone who's ever picked up a DC comic and known that Lois Lane was smarter than they tried to make her out to be. This Lois is sharp and funny and so achingly young, and Clarke aka smallvilleguy is a nerdy textual dream. Any permutation of them that you'd like to write is fine, be it brotp or otp (to be honest I've always shipped Clarke/Lex, so if you wanted to throw that in there in the Gwendaverse I would love that a LOT).

Letter: http://thelittlestdoc.dreamwidth.org/647.html


Request 4 by thelittlestdoc
IT (2017) 
Mike Hanlon (It (2017))

I'm fine with book or movie-verse for IT, really, but the movie's lack of focus on Mike really made me wish we got to see more of him, thus the fic request. I'd love some post-canon about how he remains alone in Derry, but anything you want to do here is fine.

Letter: http://thelittlestdoc.dreamwidth.org/647.html


Request 5 by thelittlestdoc
Wonder Woman (2017) 
Steve Trevor (Wonder Woman 2017), Diana Prince (Wonder Woman 2017)

I just love their love, friends. If you're unfamiliar, I've already written some Steve/Diana fic, but the world needs more. Anything you want to do is fine, but I'm always down for some PWP or some fix-it fic for these two.

Letter: http://thelittlestdoc.dreamwidth.org/647.html


Request 6 by thelittlestdoc
Oxford Time Travel Universe - Connie Willis 
Ned Henry, Verity Kindle

This is another one where I adore the universe and would be pleased with whatever you'd like to write. Ned/Verity is one of my ultimate OTPs and To Say Nothing of the Dog is my favorite book, so if you'd like to write pre- or post-canon fic focusing on them that would be a special treat.

Letter: http://thelittlestdoc.dreamwidth.org/647.html


***

Request 1 by TheMangosity
Mario Story | Paper Mario 
Peach-hime|Peach Toadstool (Mario Story | Paper Mario), Tink | Twink, Mario (Mario Story | Paper Mario), Luigi (Mario Story | Paper Mario)

I wrote everything out in the Yuletide Letter!

Letter: http://themangosity.dreamwidth.org/1400.html


Request 2 by TheMangosity
Plants vs Zombies 
Sunflower (Plants vs Zombies), Peashooter (Plants vs Zombies), Crazy Dave (Plants vs Zombies)

I wrote everything out in the Yuletide Letter!

Letter: http://themangosity.dreamwidth.org/1400.html


Request 3 by TheMangosity
Mighty Ducks: The Animated Series 
Wildwing Flashblade, Nosedive Flashblade, Tanya Vanderflock, Duke L'Orange

I wrote everything out in the Yuletide Letter!

Letter: http://themangosity.dreamwidth.org/1400.html


Request 4 by TheMangosity
The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword 
Link (Skyward Sword)

I wrote everything out in the Yuletide Letter!

Letter: http://themangosity.dreamwidth.org/1400.html


***

Request 1 by Themisto
Dark Matter (TV) 
Three | Marcus Boone, Six | Griffin Jones, Kyle Kierken, Two | Portia Lin

Do Not Want:
- Friend or lover betrayal (unless it's canon)
- cheating
- break up fic about my requested ships
- permanent character death (I love death fix-its and Peggy Sues though)
- fic ending with completely hopeless mood.

I Do Love: character bonding fic, above all if it's shippy flavored and all the first times. ♥ I’m also a sucker for slow burn and all the hurt/comfort scenarios, especially when the character is (or both them are) put through the wringer! I love when sexy-times happen as a misguided means of coping with the hurt, of the psychological kind especially, like past torture or non-con for example. I enjoy trope-based fics, canon compliant fics, divergent canon AUs. 

List of General Prompts:
◾A and B (and C?) getting in trouble
◾A getting in trouble and B (and C?) coming to the rescue
◾A close call w/ much hurt and some comfort
◾Acting on their own feelings
◾Accidental Marriage, Marriage Tropes
◾Accidental Sex
◾Accidental soul bond becomes requited - generally any soul bond AU
◾Angst with a Happy Ending
◾Brainwashing and/or Recovery
◾Canon Compliant, Canon Divergent, AUs (except for mundane AUs)
◾Celebrating Holidays with Family of Choice
◾Competent characters
◾Consensual, dub-con, non-con scenarios
◾Dangerous situations and getting hurt to protect the other
◾Drunk Confessions, Drunk Sex Aftermath
◾Earn Your Happy Ending
◾Fake/pretend couple/threesome becomes real
◾First date
◾Fix-It. All the fix-its!
◾Getting outed and dealing with it; or alternatively coming out to friends/family, or to the public (for in-canon famous people)
◾Getting Together
◾Handcuffed Together
◾Happy Ending
◾Huddling For Warmth
◾Hurt/Comfort
◾Hypothermia
◾Kink Exploration
◾Idiots in Love
◾Identity Porn &amp; Identity Reveal
◾Loss of Powers
◾Love Confessions
◾Loyalty
◾Moving In Together
◾Non-con, torture
◾Plotty/Long fics (putting this tag here in the event your story is longer than you meant, short stories will be loved too!)
◾Post-Canon
◾Post canon death: A realizing B’s presence dispels his loneliness, makes him feel good
◾post-trauma recovery fic
◾Prison survival or escape
◾Protectiveness, situations where it becomes apparent
◾Realizing You Care
◾Rescue missions or self-rescuing themselves
◾Road Trip/On Vacation Together
◾Sex Pollen, or what comes after it
◾Sharing a bed/body warmth leads to sex
◾Hijinks during the mission
◾Snowed In
◾Spontaneous consensual Dom/Sub play (I'm cool with any character assuming either role)
◾Stranded or stuck somewhere together
◾Surprise married due to messing up with time travel
◾Temporary amnesia/memory loss
◾Temporary or permanent loss of sense or limb: learning to cope with the loss.
◾Time travel: A and B aren't romantically involved with each other when they meet their future selves, in a very compromising position...
◾Undercover missions, Undercover as Couple/Married
◾Woke Up Married

Letter: http://themisto.dreamwidth.org/7562.html


Request 2 by Themisto
Star Wars: Lando (Comics) 
Lobot (Lando Comics), Lando Calrissian (Lando Comics)

Do Not Want:
- Friend or lover betrayal (unless it's canon)
- cheating
- break up fic about my requested ships
- permanent character death (I love death fix-its and Peggy Sues though)
- fic ending with completely hopeless mood.

I Do Love: character bonding fic, above all if it's shippy flavored and all the first times. ♥ I’m also a sucker for slow burn and all the hurt/comfort scenarios, especially when the character is (or both them are) put through the wringer! I love when sexy-times happen as a misguided means of coping with the hurt, of the psychological kind especially, like past torture or non-con for example. I enjoy trope-based fics, canon compliant fics, divergent canon AUs. 

List of General Prompts:
◾A and B (and C?) getting in trouble
◾A getting in trouble and B (and C?) coming to the rescue
◾A close call w/ much hurt and some comfort
◾Acting on their own feelings
◾Accidental Marriage, Marriage Tropes
◾Accidental Sex
◾Accidental soul bond becomes requited - generally any soul bond AU
◾Angst with a Happy Ending
◾Brainwashing and/or Recovery
◾Canon Compliant, Canon Divergent, AUs (except for mundane AUs)
◾Celebrating Holidays with Family of Choice
◾Competent characters
◾Consensual, dub-con, non-con scenarios
◾Dangerous situations and getting hurt to protect the other
◾Drunk Confessions, Drunk Sex Aftermath
◾Earn Your Happy Ending
◾Fake/pretend couple/threesome becomes real
◾First date
◾Fix-It. All the fix-its!
◾Getting outed and dealing with it; or alternatively coming out to friends/family, or to the public (for in-canon famous people)
◾Getting Together
◾Handcuffed Together
◾Happy Ending
◾Huddling For Warmth
◾Hurt/Comfort
◾Hypothermia
◾Kink Exploration
◾Idiots in Love
◾Identity Porn &amp; Identity Reveal
◾Loss of Powers
◾Love Confessions
◾Loyalty
◾Moving In Together
◾Non-con, torture
◾Plotty/Long fics (putting this tag here in the event your story is longer than you meant, short stories will be loved too!)
◾Post-Canon
◾Post canon death: A realizing B’s presence dispels his loneliness, makes him feel good
◾post-trauma recovery fic
◾Prison survival or escape
◾Protectiveness, situations where it becomes apparent
◾Realizing You Care
◾Rescue missions or self-rescuing themselves
◾Road Trip/On Vacation Together
◾Sex Pollen, or what comes after it
◾Sharing a bed/body warmth leads to sex
◾Hijinks during the mission
◾Snowed In
◾Spontaneous consensual Dom/Sub play (I'm cool with any character assuming either role)
◾Stranded or stuck somewhere together
◾Surprise married due to messing up with time travel
◾Temporary amnesia/memory loss
◾Temporary or permanent loss of sense or limb: learning to cope with the loss.
◾Time travel: A and B aren't romantically involved with each other when they meet their future selves, in a very compromising position...
◾Undercover missions, Undercover as Couple/Married
◾Woke Up Married

Letter: http://themisto.dreamwidth.org/7562.html


Request 3 by Themisto
Gridlocked (Movie) 
Brody Walker, David Hendrix

Do Not Want:
- Friend or lover betrayal (unless it's canon)
- cheating
- break up fic about my requested ships
- permanent character death (I love death fix-its and Peggy Sues though)
- fic ending with completely hopeless mood.

I Do Love: character bonding fic, above all if it's shippy flavored and all the first times. ♥ I’m also a sucker for slow burn and all the hurt/comfort scenarios, especially when the character is (or both them are) put through the wringer! I love when sexy-times happen as a misguided means of coping with the hurt, of the psychological kind especially, like past torture or non-con for example. I enjoy trope-based fics, canon compliant fics, divergent canon AUs. 

List of General Prompts:
◾A and B (and C?) getting in trouble
◾A getting in trouble and B (and C?) coming to the rescue
◾A close call w/ much hurt and some comfort
◾Acting on their own feelings
◾Accidental Marriage, Marriage Tropes
◾Accidental Sex
◾Accidental soul bond becomes requited - generally any soul bond AU
◾Angst with a Happy Ending
◾Brainwashing and/or Recovery
◾Canon Compliant, Canon Divergent, AUs (except for mundane AUs)
◾Celebrating Holidays with Family of Choice
◾Competent characters
◾Consensual, dub-con, non-con scenarios
◾Dangerous situations and getting hurt to protect the other
◾Drunk Confessions, Drunk Sex Aftermath
◾Earn Your Happy Ending
◾Fake/pretend couple/threesome becomes real
◾First date
◾Fix-It. All the fix-its!
◾Getting outed and dealing with it; or alternatively coming out to friends/family, or to the public (for in-canon famous people)
◾Getting Together
◾Handcuffed Together
◾Happy Ending
◾Huddling For Warmth
◾Hurt/Comfort
◾Hypothermia
◾Kink Exploration
◾Idiots in Love
◾Identity Porn &amp; Identity Reveal
◾Loss of Powers
◾Love Confessions
◾Loyalty
◾Moving In Together
◾Non-con, torture
◾Plotty/Long fics (putting this tag here in the event your story is longer than you meant, short stories will be loved too!)
◾Post-Canon
◾Post canon death: A realizing B’s presence dispels his loneliness, makes him feel good
◾post-trauma recovery fic
◾Prison survival or escape
◾Protectiveness, situations where it becomes apparent
◾Realizing You Care
◾Rescue missions or self-rescuing themselves
◾Road Trip/On Vacation Together
◾Sex Pollen, or what comes after it
◾Sharing a bed/body warmth leads to sex
◾Hijinks during the mission
◾Snowed In
◾Spontaneous consensual Dom/Sub play (I'm cool with any character assuming either role)
◾Stranded or stuck somewhere together
◾Surprise married due to messing up with time travel
◾Temporary amnesia/memory loss
◾Temporary or permanent loss of sense or limb: learning to cope with the loss.
◾Time travel: A and B aren't romantically involved with each other when they meet their future selves, in a very compromising position...
◾Undercover missions, Undercover as Couple/Married
◾Woke Up Married

Letter: http://themisto.dreamwidth.org/7562.html


***

Request 1 by Themistoklis
Carry On - Rainbow Rowell 
Penelope Bunce

Extra prompts in my letter if you want them!

- What does Penny do once she's out of school? Write books?
- Further in the future - does magic come back to the dead spots after all? Does Penny ever find out whether they affect Normals after all?
- Or, what happens 20 years down the road, the next time the Veil lifts?

Do-not-wants: Please no crossovers, “only gay for you\", animal cruelty/dead animals, self-harm, or domestic abuse

Letter: http://themistoklis.dreamwidth.org/55402.html


Request 2 by Themistoklis
Parasitology - Mira Grant 
Tansy (Parasitology - Mira Grant)

Extra prompts in my letter if you want them!

- What happens to her, uh, chaotic instincts once she's in a new body? Are they really gone? If they aren't, is Tansy hiding them on purpose?
- How would she react to some kind of threat - real or imagined - on the island? Are they generally left alone, or does anyone else ever come out? 

Do-not-wants: Please no crossovers, “only gay for you\", animal cruelty/dead animals, self-harm, or domestic abuse

Letter: http://themistoklis.dreamwidth.org/55402.html


Request 3 by Themistoklis
The Worst Witch (TV 2017) 
Hecate Hardbroom (Worst Witch 2017), Pippa Pentangle (Worst Witch 2017)

Extra prompts in my letter if you want them!

- A flashback from their younger years: What do witches do for senior projects?
- Do witch teachers attend educational conferences (and what does the swag look like)?
- What if one of them gets cursed, can't remove it, and has to ask the other for help?
- Are there any unique courting or marriage traditions witches practice? What happens if your cats don't get along?

Do-not-wants: Please no crossovers, “only gay for you\", animal cruelty/dead animals, self-harm, or domestic abuse

Letter: http://themistoklis.dreamwidth.org/55402.html


***

Request 1 by thenewradical
S. - J. J. Abrams & Doug Dorst 
F.X. Caldeira, V.M. Straka

Oh goodness, I really want fic about these two and what they almost were! I think that VMS was Vaclav Straka rather than a collective, although how the collective dealt with Filomela could also be interesting. More info is in my letter!

Letter: http://thenewradical.livejournal.com/14077.html


Request 2 by thenewradical
The Chronicles of Chrestomanci - Diana Wynne Jones 
Millie | Millie Chant

I am so fascinated by Millie's transformation from restless girl who keeps having to run away from bad situations to settled and welcoming presence as an adult. I think we forget how much she's been through and I would love to see how she processed all that. More info is in my letter!

Letter: http://thenewradical.livejournal.com/14077.html


Request 3 by thenewradical
State of Play (TV) 
Cal McCaffrey (State of Play TV), Della Smith (State of Play TV)

I adore this friendship. They're clearly very close friends, but no one has to explicitly say it; you pick it up from how they act around each other. I would love to know how this bond between them happened. More info is in my letter

Letter: http://thenewradical.livejournal.com/14077.html


***

Request 1 by theoldgods
The Americans (TV 2013) 
Elizabeth Jennings

I love Elizabeth so much--her brutal ideological devotion to the Soviet Union/the idea of communism (and is it cracking at all?), her deadliness, and yet the honest love she's capable of feeling for Philip, Gregory, her children, her mother, etc. As a result I'd be happy with just about any fic centered on her and her life story, as long as it's not too unrelentingly grimdark: What was her life like before her father's death? What about snippets from her and her mother's relationship? What about her first days in the US with Philip? What about meeting Gregory? What about her meeting Arkady or Oleg or Nina somehow, even for a moment? What about her with Young-hee or some other woman? Pretty much all ships, or none, and all ratings welcome, so long as it explores Elizabeth in some way.

Please no 1st/2nd POV, full setting AUs, pregnancy/childfic, deathfic, horror/gore, body horror, tentacles, omegaverse, explicit/onscreen rape/noncon (mentions of past are fine), and scat/watersports. Please see my letter for specific prompt ideas/elaboration.

Letter: http://minebyrights.dreamwidth.org/3622.html


Request 2 by theoldgods
Atomic Blonde (2017) 
Delphine Lasalle

I loved the late Cold War neon punchy-shooty angsty woman spy aesthetic here, the various games of betrayal, the bathing in ice and fucking other women against walls and bedspreads in thigh-highs. I’d love more about Delphine in particular: What drew her to spywork? What else has she done in Berlin? (More of her on missions, either being competent or fumbling them some with her newness, would be great.) Has she always had a fascination for cameras? What does she make or Lorraine--does she sense that Lorraine is a double/triple agent? What other women (or men; I’m happy to read her as either bi/pan or as lesbian) has she picked up in Berlin? Does she have extensive experience with Percival or other British agents? You can keep to canon if you want in terms of her ending (I wasn’t a huge fan, obviously, since I love her as a character, but it didn’t personally bother me too much considering the genre), but if you want to retcon or fix-it or make her go down even more heroically, I’m totally okay with that too.

Please no 1st/2nd POV, full setting AUs, pregnancy/childfic, deathfic, horror/gore, body horror, tentacles, omegaverse, explicit/onscreen rape/noncon (mentions of past are fine), and scat/watersports. Please see my letter for specific prompt ideas/elaboration.

Letter: http://minebyrights.dreamwidth.org/3622.html


Request 3 by theoldgods
Kingsman (Movies) RPF 
Colin Firth (Kingsman (Movies) RPF), Mark Strong (Kingsman (Movies) RPF)

I adore these two, their on-screen chemistry, their beauty, and all the potential their many years in the acting world has for competency kink and/or long-term casual relationships. And yet, despite their slow progress toward actually being an onscreen couple in some film some day, I can find almost no fic at all for them in English. I would love any fic for them exploring their acting/them getting together/them fucking and/or being friends through the years/them blending their families/them with other costars (Julianne Moore? Taron Egerton? Pedro Pascal?)/essentially anything at all. My only hard request is to either write in an AU where they're not married, to make them have happy, loving open/poly relationships with their current wives (my personal fave), or to make them amicably divorced; please no cheating/infidelity/bashing of the wives!

Please no 1st/2nd POV, full setting AUs, pregnancy/childfic, deathfic, horror/gore, body horror, tentacles, omegaverse, explicit/onscreen rape/noncon (mentions of past are fine), and scat/watersports. Please see my letter for specific prompt ideas/elaboration.

Letter: http://minebyrights.dreamwidth.org/3622.html


Request 4 by theoldgods
Les liaisons dangereuses | Dangerous Liaisons - Choderlos de Laclos 
Marquise de Merteuil (Laclos)

I love the decadence of the underlying society, the grotesque riches involved, the constant social posturing and boredom that leads to the amoral insanity in the first place, the aesthetics of letter-writing and affairs and disgusting luxury and long hair on men and crazy balls and dresses. Everyone is an actor in an enormous play, with public vs. private personas and vicious stakes hidden underneath the laconic witticisms exchanged, and that is so fun to play with. I particularly love Merteuil, so richly characterized, protofeminist in a sense (her search for agency/respect/revenge) and yet self-serving and horribly wretched toward other women. I’m familiar with the book, the Frears movie, and the Hampton stage play and like all three, though I’m personally partial toward the Hampton ending when it comes to Merteuil’s specific fate (if you’re familiar with it and also enjoy it). Epistolary fic, as well as first-person fic, is welcome for this canon, though not at all required, and feel free to use Isabelle and the like as first names if you like, though overall I have no name preferences.

Please no 2nd POV, full setting AUs, pregnancy/childfic, deathfic, horror/gore, body horror, tentacles, omegaverse, explicit/onscreen rape/noncon (mentions of past are fine), and scat/watersports. Please see my letter for specific prompt ideas/elaboration.

Letter: http://minebyrights.dreamwidth.org/3622.html


Request 5 by theoldgods
Rome (TV 2005) 
Servilia of the Junii (Rome 2005)

I love the visual aesthetics of canon, the glorious Roman cityscape and the costumes and jewelry and elaborate hair teasing and social posturing and sprawling cast and scope and mythology/religious/political rites/rituals and the strong sense of family and vengeance. I love Servilia in particular, her Lady Macbeth-ing of Brutus and her attempts to gain agency/respect/revenge, all wrapped up in a more stoic and matronly outside with a strong undercurrent of fascination and seduction, albeit in a much less flashy way than with Atia. I am familiar with but rusty in the historical period and the Latin language, so if you’re really into that and want to throw other stuff in, that’s great, but I’m also fine with just sticking to history and characterization as canon presents it, including the relatively soapy tone and scope.

Please no 1st/2nd POV, full setting AUs, pregnancy/childfic, deathfic, horror/gore, body horror, tentacles, omegaverse, explicit/onscreen rape/noncon (mentions of past are fine), and scat/watersports. Please see my letter for specific prompt ideas/elaboration.

Letter: http://minebyrights.dreamwidth.org/3622.html


Request 6 by theoldgods
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (2011) 
Bill Haydon (TTSS 2011), Jim Prideaux (TTSS 2011)

What is happiness? It's certainly found only fleetingly in Bill and Jim's lives as seen through canon, and thus I find it all the more precious in fic. Bittersweetness and hinting at the angst to come are fine, but I'd like something before the end with these two that's at least ambiguously happy. I am constantly desperate for more fic with them, so really just about anything is fine, but if you want some jumping off points: them during the war or just after--What were their reunions like? How often did they see each other? What were their day-to-day lives like at the height of canon, before shit hit the fan--what did Jim think of Bill's other lovers? Bits from book canon welcome if you're familiar with it.

Please no 1st/2nd POV, full setting AUs, pregnancy/childfic, deathfic, horror/gore, body horror, tentacles, omegaverse, explicit/onscreen rape/noncon (mentions of past are fine), and scat/watersports. Please see my letter for specific prompt ideas/elaboration.

Letter: http://minebyrights.dreamwidth.org/3622.html


***

Request 1 by theonlytwin
Possession - A. S. Byatt 

Man, like: any character. Any pairing. The absence of a pairing. Some or all of the characters at a conference or something?


Request 2 by theonlytwin
Wolf Hall Series - Hilary Mantel 

Either a story about Cromwell's family? His daughters? His sons? His family's perspective on him? Or possibly Anne - everyone she's ever loved/hated.


Request 3 by theonlytwin
Atlantis: The Lost Empire (2001) 
Milo Thatch, Kida Nedakh, Audrey Ramirez, Joshua Sweet

OK so like - either Milo and Kida figuring out their relationship and also responsibilities as leaders of the fucking underwater city (pls ignore the canon of the sequel, which was bad) or Audrey and Mole and Sweet and Vinny in the world - a reunion? I mean, they're almost immortal now? And hella rich. What are they doing???


***

Request 1 by TheSecondBatgirl
Super Solvers 
Super Seeker (Super Solvers), Master of Mischief (Super Solvers)

I would love world building of this! Why is Morty so evil? What is his eventual goal for taking over Treasure Mountain! (Or the tv station, etc) How did the player get involved? Where did Morty get his robots from? Or if you want to suggest another adventure that they need to solve, that would be great. I've played all of the games, so feel free to set it wherever you want. (If you feel like crossing it over with other edutainment games like Carmen Sandiego that is totally cool.)

Letter: http://thesecondbatgirl.dreamwidth.org/864470.html


Request 2 by TheSecondBatgirl
Hikounin Sentai Akibaranger 

Any of the Akibaranger ladies would be phenomenal. Do they go to a con? Something fandom? Does Yumeria's doujinshi get super famous? Do KozKoz and Yumeria go shopping for cosplay stuff together? Anything would be great.

Letter: http://thesecondbatgirl.dreamwidth.org/864470.html


Request 3 by TheSecondBatgirl
Final Fantasy XIV 
Alisaie Leveilleur, Warrior of Light (Final Fantasy XIV), Yotsuyu (Final Fantasy XIV), Lyse Hext

You do NOT need to write all of the characters. (If you write the Warrior of Light, I play her as a female Midlander Hyur.) Possible prompts: Everyone being in love with the Warrior of Light. Yotsuyu stepping on the Warrior of Light's face. Lyse adjusting to taking Yda's identity. Alisaie mocking her brother. Discussion on whether the Warrior of Light is secretly a primal. People having adventures! Really, I am fine with anything.

Letter: http://thesecondbatgirl.dreamwidth.org/864470.html


Request 4 by TheSecondBatgirl
Power Rangers (2017) 
Trini (Power Rangers 2017), Kimberly Hart (Power Rangers 2017)

The ridiculous movieverse Kim/Trini fake dating AU with pining. Alternately, Kim finally telling the rest of the team what she did to end up in detention and properly apologizing for it.

Letter: http://thesecondbatgirl.dreamwidth.org/864470.html


Request 5 by TheSecondBatgirl
Samurai Sentai Shinkenger 
Shiba Takeru, Shiraishi Mako, Shiba Kaoru

Again, you don't need to write all the characters. Possible prompts:

Mako/Takeru femdom? Mako and Kaoru bonding? Kaoru and Takeru and discussing the adoption? Mako somehow ending up on a marriage interview with both Shibas?

Letter: http://thesecondbatgirl.dreamwidth.org/864470.html


Request 6 by TheSecondBatgirl
The Girl with the Silver Eyes - Willo Davis Roberts 
Mrs. Michaelmas (Girl with the Silver Eyes)

Outsider POV! What did she thinking during the events of the book? Does she remain a confidant for Katie? Katie's mom?


***

Request 1 by theteacuptempest
Alice Mare (Novel) 

Please see letter for likes and more details.  

DNWs: Character under 18 in sexual situations, adult/minor couples, unrequested incest of either blood or adopted relations, scat/vomit/blood kink, rape, dubcon, canon atypical violence, unrequested character death or torture, animal torture, A/B/O AUs, anything dealing with infertility/pregnancy/miscarriage, gender or sex swap, body swaps, character bashing, fiction dealing with homophobia/transphobia/racism/sexism, high school age AUs, vampire AUs, sex worker AUs, sports AUs, real life politics.

Shipping wise, I like the idea of David/Cliff. I'm not really interested in ships between the children and would prefer any talk of relationships for them be kept to childish crushes. I'd also prefer that these crushes not be between each other. I'm attached to the idea of the children forming sibling-like relationships thought I'm certainly alright with friendships between them too. As one more thing, I just ask references to Miwashiba's other works be kept to a minimum as I'm not very familiar with anything other than Alice Mare.

Prompts:

-Epistolary fic! At the end the children have been writing letters to David in hopes he'll wake up. I'd love to see what the letters from Allen or/and Chelsy hold. It would be an interesting way to see parts of their lives as they grow up after David falls in a coma. Or show me the letters between Chelsy and David from before she came to live with him and before her life was ruined. I'm also interested in any kind of letters connected to the plot; David's letters with Cliff, Chelsy's mother writing to David, letters between the children when they go their different paths, ect.

-Allen based fic. Allen's early days in David's care and how he learned to get along with the other children. Anything dealing with his memory loss and his struggle to slowly get his memory back would be amazing. Allen after he's sent with Letty and Stella to live with Cliff. How does he deal with losing his home and caretaker again in such a short amount of time? And of course, I'd love anything dealing with his decision from the end of the novel. What's it like for him to have his body taken over? Does he realize what he's let into the world by giving himself to the Cat? Does he ever come to regret his decision or does he even still exist within the shell the Cat has taken? 

-David based fic. I'd love to see his childhood and relationship with his sister explored. We know he felt unloved as a child, but were there any bright spots before he lost his sister? What were his college years like? How did he meet Cliff and how did they become friends, or if you ship it, lovers? Any scenes of David connecting with the kids would be great. What did he think of their journals they left him? Did he like teaching them? When did he realize he was willing to give his life for them? Maybe write excerpts from the book Cliff made him publish? And of course, I'd be interested in fic set after the ending. What does David do when he sees what deal Allen has made? What does he do to try to release Allen; make a deal with the Cat himself or try to get back into the dream world?

-Chelsy based fic. Did her mother ever tell her stories of the children she once loved at the orphanage? What did she think of her pen-pal that was trying to help her out of her shy state and how did she feel when she realized his connection to her mother? How does Chelsy come to terms with what her father had to do and her grief for her grandmother? What was it like for her to move back home and away from the other children? How often does she try to visit the others? She mentions wanting to be a teacher because of the influence of both David and her mother. It would be neat to see scenes of her taking to children the way her mentors did. Or girls day out with Chelsy, Letty and Stella, maybe going to cafes, like Letty mentions in the novel. 

-World build! An exploration of the Sleeping Sickness or the dream world the Cat and Rabbit created would be interesting. Maybe following others who were lost to their plans? If you want to stick with the nominated characters, perhaps show what David went through when he first saw that world as a child. Or talk about the sickness that struck Stella's hometown in medical reports or write-ups of the event. Maybe Cliff's notes on the events, particularly in talking about David's role when they went to the town. Or explore the world through the newspaper stories about the children falling to the disease?

Letter: http://gerberadaisy.dreamwidth.org/3103.html


Request 2 by theteacuptempest
Avengers Grimm (2015) 
Cinderella (Avengers Grimm), Red (Avengers Grimm)

Please see letter for likes/more detail. 

DNWs: Character under 18 in sexual situations, adult/minor couples, unrequested incest of either blood or adopted relations, scat/vomit/blood kink, rape, dubcon, canon atypical violence, unrequested character death or torture, animal torture, A/B/O AUs, anything dealing with infertility/pregnancy/miscarriage, gender or sex swap, body swaps, character bashing, fiction dealing with homophobia/transphobia/racism/sexism, high school age AUs, vampire AUs, sex worker AUs, sports AUs, real life politics.

Shippingwise, I'm into Cinderella/Red. I'm not interested in het or m/m for this fandom. Cinderella/Snow, Rapunzel/Briar, Briar/Snow, Red/Beauty, and Cinderella/Jessica are others I like. I'd rather any ship focused story ignore the marriages mentioned in movie. Either skip over the marriage completely or pretend everyone's husbands died in the war.

Prompts:

-Road trip! For whatever reason, the team has to get from point A to point B in a car. Chats by a motel pool, terrible dinner breakfasts, tense moments while trapped in a moving vehicle. Give me all the road trip cliches! Maybe Red and Cinderella are tracking down some magic object for Snow and that's what puts them on the road together. (If you ship them, maybe they pretend to be newly weds to spring for a better motel room?) Or maybe you'd like to put the whole gang on the road together (imagine Briar freaking out over less-than-clean motels or gas station bathrooms!). Maybe the other girls can push Cinderella and Red together or those two can just provide colorful commentary on how the others deal with the tension of being on the road.

-Showing off/teaching their skills! Red teaching Cinderella archery or how to hunt prey. Cinderella demonstrating her magic for Red. Cinderella teaching Red about high society and manners. Red showing Cinderella how to handle rougher pastures. Anything that has one woman demonstrating competency for the sake of the other would be great.

-Background fic! How do Red and Cinderella know each other? Cinderella, Briar, and Rapunzel clearly enlisted Red to help them get into the castle at the beginning of the film. Is that when Cinderella met her or did they have dealings before? Clearly they couldn't have been too close beforehand, since it's not until they're in the city that Cinderella asks for Red's backstory. But I would like to see what kind of connection they had before. How did Cinderella learn of Red and her ability to get them around the war front? 

-The princess team gets to go home. What happens when they have their old lives to get back to? Cinderella has a kingdom to run and Red isn't royalty. How does their connection survive with the difference of class being back in place? Red clearly holds so much contempt for the royals and I can see returning to their world bringing that out in full force. How would Cinderella's court handle her connection to Red? Would Red prefer going back to the simple life instead of high society? Would Cinderella try to appoint Red to a position in her court? This could be fertile grounds for conflict between these two.

-The team taking on a new magical threat to the city. Maybe Cinderella or Red gets captured by the bad guys and the other has to go rescue her. Maybe one trades herself for the other in a tense situation and they get only a brief moment to talk about it. Maybe Cinderella gets injured in the fight and Red is the one having to patch her up in a reversal of their usual roles.

-AUs! Space AUs, everyone's actually a mermaid AUs, oops we got married in Vegas AUs, coffee shop AUs , I'm into all of it! The team comes together in a Star Trek like organization (Snow could be the captain, Cinderella as the ship doctor and Red as a security officer?) or they're a Firefly-ish renegade team. Red and Cinderella are from different merperson clans where friendship is discouraged. Red the disgruntled coffee shop worker and Cinderella the perky morning person/customer. If you're into shipping them, an arranged marriage AU would be fantastic or some sort of time period piece (Victorian or Regency era maybe?) where Red is Cinderella's reluctant servant and they fall in love despite class differences. If you're not one for shipping, I'd still love the time period idea but with them developing a friendship over class lines, with Cinderella showing Red that not all nobles are terrible people.

-Smutty fic? Again, if you don't ship it that fine and feel free to skip it over. But for those who do, I'm not opposed mature fic for these two. I would like there to be a clear emotional connection over a purely physical one; I'd rather have loving and emotional smut fic rather than a one night stand sort of fic. For a few ideas for it: being forced to share a bed on a cold night, Cinderella's transformation powers being put to new uses, Cinderella's healing getting intimate.

Letter: http://gerberadaisy.dreamwidth.org/3103.html


Request 3 by theteacuptempest
Hair and Brimstone (Youtube Short Film) 
Robin (Hair and Brimstone), Hades (Hair and Brimstone), Aubrey (Hair and Brimstone)

Please see letter for likes and more details. 

DNWs: Character under 18 in sexual situations, adult/minor couples, unrequested incest of either blood or adopted relations, scat/vomit/blood kink, rape, dubcon, canon atypical violence, unrequested character death or torture, animal torture, A/B/O AUs, anything dealing with infertility/pregnancy/miscarriage, gender or sex swap, body swaps, character bashing, fiction dealing with homophobia/transphobia/racism/sexism, high school age AUs, vampire AUs, sex worker AUs, sports AUs, real life politics.

I don't particularly ship anything for this film, but I'm not opposed to whatever pairings you'd like to make between the three requested characters as long as it's not the entire focus of the story. I'd also rather no one be shipped with Kale. I'd also rather there not be any crossover with KickthePJ's Oscar's Hotel as I've not seen it yet.

Prompts:

-Night shift fic! What's a normal night like in the shop when they aren't being attacked by monsters? Gossipy conversations with clients, Robin's shampoo concoctions going wrong, running commentary from the porpoise head, Aubrey sending messages with the crows, Hades getting a very hairy customer to please; something in the tone of the film would be lovely.

-What happens to the clients that don't have another method of payment? We see the crow getting upset with the monster when her card is rejected. What does the gang do when a monster tries to skip out on ponying up souls? What do they even do with all those souls anyway? How do they 'banish' those who break their rules? 

-Who was the man on the phone? I assume it was Hades' father ready to drag him back, but maybe you have a different idea (someone collecting on a debt? someone Hades has wronged? old flame gone bad? anything antagonistic works!). Maybe a fic where the man tries to force Hades back to the dark place and Robin and Aubrey have to rescue him? Or the gang has to ward off monsters trying to lure Hades away for the man? 

-Background fic! How did the gang come together? Why did Hades decide to start the shop and how did he meet Aubrey and Robin to get them involved? I assume Robin is the newest employee, so maybe write about Robin's interview or first day at work? Or maybe scenes from interviews of potential employees that show Aubrey and Robin as the stand outs? Maybe they do something impressive in their interviews that prove they're worthy of the night shift?

-Outsider perspective fic. The owners of the shops around the salon just know something strange is happening over there. Or day shift customers coming in for a new style and detecting something is a little off. Or even just gossip between monsters about the salon? Maybe Kale's blogger friends start writing reviews of the place? In fact, discussion of the shop through online reviews could be really funny!

-Road trips! Maybe they all need to make a trip to the dark place to get supplies for the shop. Or maybe they go to visit another supernatural shop across the country? The gang showing up to some kind of hairdresser convention could be ripe for comedy. Imagine the three having to share a small hotel room! 

-Does anyone ever come looking for Kale? How would the gang deal with an investigation into his whereabouts? Do they get out of potential trouble through magical means or does Hades try to sweet talk everyone out of hot water? Does it ever end up on Carl's blog? 

-World build! What's the dark place like? Is magic a normal thing for this world or something kept secret? How did Aubrey and Robin get involved with the supernatural? Are they witches or have otherwise supernatural blood? What kind of monsters exist out there? What's the porpoise's story? If you want to go straight into expanding the lore and exploring the world of the film, I'm all for it!

Letter: http://gerberadaisy.dreamwidth.org/3103.html


Request 4 by theteacuptempest
Legion (TV) 
Cary Loudermilk, Kerry Loudermilk

Please see letter for likes and more details.

DNWs: Character under 18 in sexual situations, adult/minor couples, unrequested incest of either blood or adopted relations, scat/vomit/blood kink, rape, dubcon, canon atypical violence, unrequested character death or torture, animal torture, A/B/O AUs, anything dealing with infertility/pregnancy/miscarriage, gender or sex swap, body swaps, character bashing, fiction dealing with homophobia/transphobia/racism/sexism, high school age AUs, vampire AUs, sex worker AUs, sports AUs, real life politics.

I'm interested in the Loudermilks both as a gen/familial relationship and as a romantic ship, depending on what you're comfortable with. I'm not particularly interested in them being shipped with other people from the show, however. I'm also not that interested in a crossover with other X-Men or Marvel properties.

Prompts:

-Background fic! I'd love to hear more about how the Loudermilks got to where they are now. What was their childhood like after Kerry started to appear? How hard was it for Cary to grow up an assumed product of cheating and then to realize he was sharing a body with someone else? Did they ever show Kerry to other people, and if so how did it go, or did she only ever communicate with Cary? When did they begin to realize Cary was getting 'older' than Kerry and how did it effect their relationship? What was Kerry's relationship like to their mother? Anything from snippets of their teenage years to Cary in college would be interesting. 

- I'd love to see scenes of them meeting Oliver. How was it for the Loudermilks to finally meet another mutant and learn what they were? Cary is obviously close to Oliver but did it take time for that trust to form? How does Kerry get along with Oliver? Any jealousy over Cary's growing friendship? In the same vein, what about Walter? Melanie says Oliver tried to recruit him. Did the Loudermilks have run ins with Walter in the past and if so, what was that relationship like? Does it tie into how afraid Kerry was of him?

-Post season one fic with the Loudermilks reconciling. Kerry was holding a grudge against Cary that she seemed to drop when his life was in danger during the finale. But I imagine that anger might still be there under the surface. I'd love to see a scene of them working through Kerry's fear of abandonment and Cary trying to reassure her he's not going to leave her. Cary himself showed a lot of fear of what might happen if Kerry died outside him. Perhaps his own fear of losing her could be tied into them finding common ground again?

-More of the Loudermilks interactions! Word games while Cary is trying to work on other things, Kerry popping out to help Cary with medical work, Cary taking Kerry someplace she can train, late nights arguing over what movie to watch, Cary coming up with jokes for Kerry, Cary trying to get Kerry to try eating (he wants to give her soup in the show, maybe it's the only thing he's ever gotten he to eat before?),  Kerry getting confused over the sort of activities she usually leaves to Cary and needing his help, ect. I'd love little pieces or forgotten scenes of these two getting to interact without danger looming overhead.

-Fake dating/mistaken for dating! Maybe they head out on some mission that requires them pretend to be a couple or someone new to the compound mistakes them for being a couple. Maybe it inspires them to give into feelings or if you're not into ship fic for them, it's just a comedic thing. Please be as tropey as your heart desires, I tend to love that kind of thing. 

-Date night! How do you have a relationship with someone who you share a body with and knows all your thoughts? Do they even bother to split before having 'dates' or do they just stay in Cary's body so they can communicate through his mind? Do they bother to leave Summerland or do they stay in for date night? 

-Smut? If you're interested in writing sex fic, I'm not opposed. I'd like a little more focus on the emotional connection but do as you will. How do they have sex? Similar to the above, do they split or just let Cary take care of it? Since they can feel what the other feels even when apart, do they bring that into play?

Letter: http://gerberadaisy.dreamwidth.org/3103.html


Request 5 by theteacuptempest
The True Lives of the Fabulous Killjoys (Comic) 
The Girl (Fabulous Killjoys Comic), DJ Cherri Cola (Fabulous Killjoys Comic)

Please see letter for likes and more details.

DNWs: Character under 18 in sexual situations, adult/minor couples, unrequested incest of either blood or adopted relations, scat/vomit/blood kink, rape, dubcon, canon atypical violence, unrequested character death or torture, animal torture, A/B/O AUs, anything dealing with infertility/pregnancy/miscarriage, gender or sex swap, body swaps, character bashing, fiction dealing with homophobia/transphobia/racism/sexism, high school age AUs, vampire AUs, sex worker AUs, sports AUs, real life politics.

Shipping wise, I ask that there are no ships regarding the Girl. I ship Cherri with Party or with NewsAGoGo, if you want to make a fusion with the twitter stories. I also ship Party Poison /Jet Star, Dr. Death/Show Pony, and NewsAGoGo/Hot Chimp if you want to include background pairings. As a note, I view Party and Kobra as brothers so I ask that they aren't shipped. 

I realize this fandom is very closely tied into bandom. I personally don't like the use of band member’s names as the Killjoys' 'real' names. I especially ask that you don't use 'Grace' for The Girl, as the Girl’s actress from the videos was a minor at the time of filming and is still a minor now. Use of the actress's name is too close to RPF for me and I personally don’t want to read RPF of a minor. I also ask the Girl's race not be changed. The actress identifies as black, and while I know there is a fandom trend of making her the biological child of one of the Killjoys but I'd rather her identity be kept as is.

Prompts:

-What if Girl hadn't ran away from Cherri and Dr. Death that day or if Cherri had caught up to her? How would have her life been changed if she'd been raised by Cherri after the boys died instead of living on her own? I think it could be interesting to see scenes from a life she spent in his care and how they learned to deal with their grief together. 

-Related to the above, what if Cherri had found her earlier than he did in the comics? Maybe she spent several months or even a year or two in the desert before they met again. Would she have forgiven him earlier without Val's actions having frightened her? Would she have felt the need to stay with him longer without a rebellion to worry about? Maybe they would have bonded over her helping him look for the Killjoy's stuff or with him giving her extended shooting lessons. 

-Scenes from the few nights Girl stayed with Cherri in the comics. That awkward first night in Cherri's shack, more target practice, Girl helping Cherri set up his DJ equipment; I'd like to see how they got along in those few days. Did they have any further conversations about their lost friends and Cherri's shrine to them? Did they talk about old memories from before they were separated? Did they talk about the future?

-What was the first time Cherri met Girl like? Was he still with the Killjoys when they got her as an infant? How close was he to her mother, and did that effect how he felt meeting the Girl? The comics hint that Cherri used to be an addict. Was he an addict still when the Girl was first brought into the Killjoy's care? 

-Scenes from the Girl's childhood involving Cherri. What was the day like when Cherri decided to leave the Killjoys and become a DJ instead? Was young Girl upset to lose one of her parental figures and how did he explain it to her? Maybe scenes of Girl going to stay with Cherri while the other boys are off on a run. Does he let her help him set up a playlist for the radio? Does he tell her stories about the Witch? I'd love to see stuff that shows the Girl excited to be around Cherri before everything went wrong. 

-AU where Cherri lives! I'd love to see something where they meet up in the desert after Girl saves the city. How does Cherri react seeing that Girl has taken his philosophy to heart and decided to save everyone instead of getting revenge? Does she decide to live with him from there on out? Is what happened enough to mend their relationship? What about the Girl's mother returning? Does that change the dynamic between Cherri and Girl with her to look after now?

-Scenes from Cherri in the after life. Maybe the Witch letting him watch what the Girl has done to save the city. Is he proud of her? Does he worry what she'll do now? Does he quickly want to move on to the next life now that he's seen what she's done or does he want to linger to watch her grow? I'd love to see his thoughts as he sees what happens after his death.

Letter: http://gerberadaisy.dreamwidth.org/3103.html


***

Request 1 by thewalrus_said
Havemercy Series - Jaida Jones & Danielle Bennett 
Mamoru (Havemercy), Kouje (Havemercy), Alcibiades (Havemercy), Caius Greylace

I'd like a story either focused on Mamoru+Kouje, or one on Alcibiades+Caius (so, not all four of them), please! Post-series (or for Mamoru+Kouje, at least post-Shadow Magic). Personally I ship Mamoru/Kouje and headcanon Caius+Alcibiades as queerplatonic, but I'd be happy with unspoken-longing or romance, respectively.


Request 2 by thewalrus_said
Six of Crows Series - Leigh Bardugo 
Inej Ghafa, Nina Zenik, Jesper Fahey, Wylan Van Eck

I'd really like some sort of polyamory situation - whether it's a solid OT4 or Jesper/Wylan and Inej/Nina and sometimes they just all pile in together. Anything from drinking-and-cuddling to sex works for me!


Request 3 by thewalrus_said
Harlots (TV) 
Nancy Birch, Margaret Wells

I would really really really love some pre-show Nancy/Maggie, and preferably either after their escape from Quigley, or them on their way out. No rape/non-con/them at work in Quigley's house, please!


Request 4 by thewalrus_said
The Course of Honour - Avoliot 
Jainan nav Adessari, Kiem Tegnar

Post-narrative tooth-rotting fluff for these two. Just, some married life that leaves me with at least four new cavities.


***

Request 1 by TheWrongKindOfPC
Futuristic Violence and Fancy Suits - David Wong 
Zoey Ashe, Will Blackwater

actual details will go in the yuletide letter linked above, would prefer not to have a story that features head trauma or brain damage prominently!

Letter: http://psuedo-catalyst.livejournal.com/52535.html


Request 2 by TheWrongKindOfPC
A Charm of Magpies Series - K. J. Charles 
Ned Hall, Crispin Tredarloe
Letter: http://psuedo-catalyst.livejournal.com/52535.html


Request 3 by TheWrongKindOfPC
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency (TV 2016) 
Amanda Brotzman, Farah Black, Dirk Gently, Todd Brotzman
Letter: http://psuedo-catalyst.livejournal.com/52535.html


Request 4 by TheWrongKindOfPC
Trainspotting (Movies) 
Simon \"Sick Boy\" Williamson (Trainspotting Movie), Mark \"Rent Boy\" Renton (Trainspotting Movie)
Letter: http://psuedo-catalyst.livejournal.com/52535.html


***

Request 1 by the_alchemist
Henry VI - Shakespeare 
Richard Duke of Gloucester (Henry VI)

I would love a story that unpicks the 'Ay, Edward will use women honourably' and/or 'What, will the aspiring blood of Lancaster' speeches: Richard's relationship with his own body, with sex, with love, with taking on 'evil' as part of his self-identity.

I love York family dynamics. York's acceptance and Cecily's rejection of Richard, which you can portray as straightforwardly abusive (she hates him because he's disabled), post-partum psychosis, or something more complex (she knows what he will become); relationships between the brothers.

AUs are great - canon divergence, different setting, or both. I do long for Richard to have a happy ending - perhaps finding love with someone (a servant? a sex worker?) who is also an outsider, who accepts him as his is, but also curtails the worst of his evil. Maybe he fakes his death and they live in happy(ish) obscurity?

Letter: http://the-alchemist.livejournal.com/682481.html


Request 2 by the_alchemist
Peter Pan - J. M. Barrie 
Captain Hook (Peter Pan - Barrie)

Maybe tell me about the time the crocodile at his hand, and what happened afterwards?

Or again, either kind of AU is great. Would also love him to vanquish the crocodile (literally and metaphorically) and survive. Maybe he leaves Neverland and goes ... where? Or I would love to see Hook in a different time period.

Alternatively, I ship Hook with Wendy, once she's grown up, or would love to see Hook/original character.

Letter: http://the-alchemist.livejournal.com/682481.html


Request 3 by the_alchemist
Moby Dick - Herman Melville 

Maybe tell me about the time the whale ate his leg, and what happened afterwards?

Or again, either kind of AU is great. Would also love him to vanquish the whale (literally and metaphorically) and survive ... yeah, I'm a bit predictable.

Gen would be lovely, but so would something about Ahab's relationship with his wife, or some more of the slashy Ahab/Starbuck hurt/comfort from the book, just so long as there's no adultery.

Letter: http://the-alchemist.livejournal.com/682481.html


***

Request 1 by The_Anglophile
Jeff Buckley (Musician) 
Mick Grøndahl (Jeff Buckley RPF), Jeff Buckley (Jeff Buckley RPF)

For my list of likes, plus prompts and canon info, please see my letter! I would like M/M fic, anywhere from G to NC-17. I also have one het prompt, and one consensual gangbang (MMM/M) prompt in my letter for this fandom.

Do not want (see my letter for exceptions):
# - BDSM
# - underage sex
# - non-con
# - unrequested AUs, kinks, or pairings
# - crossovers
# - abusive relationships or graphic violence
# - het (M/F)
# - please, no politics, personal or otherwise
# - second person perspective

Letter: http://the-anglophile.dreamwidth.org/13580.html


Request 2 by The_Anglophile
Oasis (Band) 
Liam Gallagher (Oasis), Noel Gallagher (Oasis)

For my list of likes, plus prompts and canon info, please see my letter! I would like M/M incest for this fandom. Anywhere from G to NC-17 is fine. If you really can't do incest, Liam banging Richard Ashcroft or Damon Albarn would be awesome ('90s, please)!

Do not want (see my letter for exceptions):
# - BDSM
# - underage sex
# - non-con
# - unrequested AUs, kinks, or pairings
# - crossovers
# - het (M/F)
# - abusive relationships or graphic violence
# - please, no politics, personal or otherwise
# - second person perspective

Letter: http://the-anglophile.dreamwidth.org/13580.html


Request 3 by The_Anglophile
The Verve 
Richard Ashcroft, Nick McCabe

For my list of likes, plus prompts and canon info, please see my letter! I would like M/M fic for this fandom, anywhere from G to NC-17. Would be interested in OT3/OT4/group sex with the other two band members included. Oasis crossover would be great, too.

Do not want (see my letter for exceptions):
# - BDSM
# - underage sex
# - non-con
# - unrequested AUs, kinks, or pairings
# - crossovers
# - het (M/F)
# - abusive relationships or graphic violence
# - please, no politics, personal or otherwise
# - second person perspective

Letter: http://the-anglophile.dreamwidth.org/13580.html


***

Request 1 by The_Kings_Scribe
燃えろ!トップストライカー| L'école des Champions 
Benjamin Lefranc (L'école des Champions), Eric Townsend (L'école des Champions), Catherine Townsend (L'école des Champions)

I’d like to read something about them when they’re older. They’re my OT3, both platonic and… not. (During his captaincy at Team Genova, Benjamin spends almost as much time wishing Eric were there as he does pining after Catherine; as for Eric and Catherine, go rewatch their scenes in the Swiss Alps and try to see how long you can keep your mind out of the gutter. OT3, I tell you!)
I’d like to read about their future careers. Jupiter Wings is a Junior’s club, so what comes after? Can the boys sort out their problems with their respective federations? What clubs do they play in? Are Benjamin and Eric playing together, or in rival clubs? Will Catherine ever become a prima ballerina? Do they manage to work in the same city, or even the same country? Or do they live their lives most of the year, and spend all their vacations in a little love nest in the Alps?
I’d like to know how the long-distance relationship works out. It would be nice to see Benjamin and Eric be supportive of Catherine’s career and along the way kinda getting sucked into being ballet fans! It’s only fair since she got sucked into being a football fan!
Benjamin doesn’t talk much about his parents and has even less to say about their deaths. It would be nice to see him open up to his friends about it. They could meet his aunt! He could meet their elusive parents! After all, he’s dating one -both- of the siblings, they’re all practically family now!
The scandal at the end of the series: is everything resolved? Is there an even bigger scandal because people noticed some goals were identical J? Are the characters caught in some sort of weird time loop J?
Or, you know, you could answer the age-old question: Who would win, Jupiter Wings or Nankatsu?

Letter: http://the-kings-scribe.dreamwidth.org/8011.html


Request 2 by The_Kings_Scribe
Langelot Series - Lieutenant X | Vladimir Volkoff 
Langelot (Langelot)

So I’d like something that revisits this verse. Just some ideas to get you started:
-Langelot’s wonderful father-son-like relationship with Capitaine Montferrand and subsequent semi-adoption into the family. The first «proper» introduction to the captain’s wife? The first family dinner he was invited to? Tutoring the children?
-Anything about Langelot hanging out « after hours » with people his age, either work friends like Gaspard or Mistigri, or civilians like Choupette.
-Outsider’s perspective: Montferrand bragging to his colleagues about his protégé (as implied in Volkoff’s « for adults » spy novels)? Carefully edited watercooler conversations at SNIF HQ that lead to Langelot becoming as much of a legend as Pierrot la Marmite?
-Casefic: any famous scientific innovations Langelot had a hand in keeping out of the wrong hands?
-Lifting the time warp that makes Langelot perpetually eighteen J What does his career and personal life look like at thirty? Fifty? Post Cold War, modern day?

Letter: http://the-kings-scribe.dreamwidth.org/8011.html


Request 3 by The_Kings_Scribe
Loki: Agent of Asgard 
Loki (Loki: Agent of Asgard)

-What might the series arc have looked like without the constant event-driven interruptions? Would Loki have confessed his problems to Verity much earlier? How might they have tackled King Loki together? Or, just more time for them to have fun, non-angsty adventures together!
-So issues 12-13 are obviously literary masterpieces and great sources of dubcon selfcest fodder and all that, but part of me wishes King Loki hadn’t shown up when he did at the end of issue 11, and Loki would have had to deal with life in exile. Bonus points if the inability to lie is permanent.
-Another sad consequence of the breakneck pace is that we never saw Thor’s (Odinson’s, whatever) reaction to Story!Loki. Because after he’d have cooled down a bit, you know he’d have sought out Loki to demand a more detailed explanation - only to find his brother dead, again, and replaced by a stranger, again. And the last thing he ever said to AoA!Loki… Ouch. Alternatively, the King Loki Delayed AU as above where Thor and AoA!Loki try to come to terms with everything that happened, and painfully build a tentative new bond on the ruins or the past one, and maybe even deal with King Loki together? (Just one thing: DNW Thor/Loki incest. Sorry.)
-God of Stories!Loki floats the possibility of a crossover or teamup with his own past selves. Since Marvel probably isn’t going to give it to us in the foreseeable future, it is up to us to imagine the total disaster that would be GoS!Loki, AoA!Loki and JiM!Loki trying to get anything done as a team, especially if their good-for-nothing versions are thrown into the mix too!

Letter: http://the-kings-scribe.dreamwidth.org/8011.html


***

Request 1 by The_Plaid_Slytherin
Nero Wolfe - Rex Stout 
Archie Goodwin (Nero Wolfe - Stout), Saul Panzer (Nero Wolfe - Stout)

I ship them, but most of these prompts can definitely go either way.

I utterly adore Archie and his voice, but I'm also curious to get to know more about Saul. What's his backstory and personal life like? I see hidden depths in there! Maybe Archie does, too? How did he end up working for Wolfe and why does he stick around, when according to Archie, he could be doing much better? I would love anything exploring mid-century New York (especially at Christmas), be it mystery, adventure, or just some downtime.

* First case they worked together. I love competence, but I also like total disasters (that end in kissing?). If you want to go shippy, I love couples that work together and how they order their lives together around their jobs. What would this be like for Archie and Saul? Hell, how do you even maintain a stable relationship with Wolfe around?

* Saul helps Archie out of a jam, of any magnitude. Could be life or death, could be totally minor. I just want to see Saul come to Archie's rescue and Archie's reaction to having to be rescued. :D Or maybe it's Saul whom Archie has to rescue. And does he ever let him live it down?

* Making a date/plans. Do they get interrupted by Wolfe? (And if you go shippy, I'm sure he'll know full well what he's doing.) Run into a case? I'd love to see them roll with whatever comes at them while still having fun together. I would be perfectly happy to see something holiday-related here, too!

* Any kind of fanficcy trope like huddling for warmth, fake dating, soul bonding, sex pollen(?!)—I just think it would be a hoot to hear this kind of thing from Archie's POV or Wolfe's reaction. I'm totally fine with weaving non-realistic/light fantasy elements in here, as long as it stays in the canon setting. 

-

DNWs: unrequested ships, darkfic, unresolved angst, sad/hopeless endings, character death (of requested characters and their friends or allies), rape/non-con or dub-con, incest, underage sex, AUs that are another setting (e.g., modern times), crossovers, 24/7 BDSM or d/s, scat or watersports, unrequited/one-sided love

Letter: http://plaid-slytherin.dreamwidth.org/220398.html


Request 2 by The_Plaid_Slytherin
Agatha Christie's Poirot (TV) 
Hercule Poirot (TV), Arthur Hastings (TV)

I ship them, but most of these prompts can definitely go either way.

I love this cozy series and the relationship between Hastings and Poirot is a huge part of what makes it one of my favorites. I love mysteries and the 1930s setting and atmosphere, and the comfortable dynamic of these two, traveling and working and living together. I love old friends turned lovers as a trope, but if you don't want to go shippy, their friendship is already wonderful! I love the other characters, too, especially Miss Lemon. Poirot just makes me really happy.

* I do really love casefic, first off. Country house mysteries, travel mysteries—I love that canon gives us a variety and I'd be excited to see whatever ideas you might have. Maybe send them to a location you know well? Even bits of a case are great if you don't feel up to writing the whole thing. I love seeing Poirot's process and having Hastings marvel over how wonderful he is.

* Hastings proves particularly useful and Poirot is rightfully proud of him. Could be special knowledge, could be actions at the right moment to save the day—I just love seeing Hastings getting his day in the sun and being appreciated.

* Domesticity and slice of life! I love this as much as casefic. What are their conflicts living together? I bet there are many. What do they do on days off? Do they ever take a trip that doesn't involve murder? I would be perfectly happy to see something holiday-related, too!

-

DNWs: unrequested ships, darkfic, unresolved angst, sad/hopeless endings, character death (of requested characters and their friends or allies), rape/non-con or dub-con, incest, underage sex, AUs that are another setting (e.g., modern times), crossovers, 24/7 BDSM or d/s, scat or watersports, unrequited/one-sided love

Letter: http://plaid-slytherin.dreamwidth.org/220398.html


Request 3 by The_Plaid_Slytherin
The Eagle | The Eagle of the Ninth (2011) 
Marcus Flavius Aquila (The Eagle of the Ninth (2011)), Esca Mac Cunoval (The Eagle of the Ninth (2011))

I ship them, but most of these prompts can definitely go either way.

This movie has a lot of my favorite tropes: h/c, role-reversal (I might have clapped a little when Esca introduces Marcus as his slave), earned loyalty, dragging each other through the mud (that is so a trope), huge amounts of trust. I also really like when two characters are thrown together by circumstances but forced to work together to accomplish something. I'm interested in the setting, too, if that's something you want to explore, both the time period and the location because the scenery is beautiful. Show me their happily ever after! Domesticity and tropes extremely welcome.

* What does it mean that Marcus is showing so much trust in a non-Roman? And how does Esca feel about having developed such a devotion to the person who ought to be his enemy? I'd love something (probably post-movie) where they process what's just happened to them and how they feel about it, and what it means for the next step of their relationship if you want to go shippy.

* Post-movie! I love the closing image of these two going off triumphantly together to do whatever they want. I would love to see whatever situation they might find themselves in, good or bad, big or small. Maybe they take on a job/mission, maybe they're just exploring and the adventure comes to them. Or just settling down and farming—what are their challenges? What goes well for them?

* I am also a-okay with smut/fluff/domesticity. What is their first time like? Do they settle down someplace together where nobody will bother them? Slice of life, a special occasion, hurt/comfort, bed-sharing or huddling for warmth in the dead of winter.

-

DNWs: unrequested ships, darkfic, unresolved angst, sad/hopeless endings, character death (of requested characters and their friends or allies), rape/non-con or dub-con, incest, underage sex, AUs that are another setting (e.g., modern times), crossovers, 24/7 BDSM or d/s, scat or watersports, unrequited/one-sided love

Letter: http://plaid-slytherin.dreamwidth.org/220398.html


***

Request 1 by The_Wavesinger
Wonder Woman (2017) 
Antiope (Wonder Woman 2017), Hippolyta (Wonder Woman 2017)

I don't mind seeing the characters individually or together.

<b><u>DNWs:</u></b>
-Gore/guro/vore.
-Torture of (non-sapient) animals.
-Graphic descriptions of nausea/vomiting.
-Reader inserts.
-Mundane AUs.
-Non-femslash A/B/O; femslash for this trope is fine!
-Crossovers/fusions between fandoms I haven't asked for. (Crossover within any fandom in my letter or previous exchange letters, along with mythology and folklore, are more than fine!)
-AUs with modern settings are no-no’s unless there’s a reasonable canon explanation. Even then, please no high school or coffee shop AUs.
-Age regression, de-ageing, or AUs in which one character is suddenly older than a previously older-than-them character (ageswap?).
-Girl!penis.
-For smut, I'd prefer not to see bloodplay, scat, watersports, and age play, and any sort of permanent marking/scarring (scarring and permanent markings outside smut is perfectly fine) <b>unless</b> I've prompted these things for the specific pairing.
-Genderswap which makes F/F or M/M canon pairings or F/F or M/M pairings I've requested F/M.
-Unrequested relationships as the main focus of a fic (side pairings/non-endgame relationships are fine)

Letter: http://the-wavesinger.dreamwidth.org/10068.html


Request 2 by The_Wavesinger
The Dragonfly Pool - Eva Ibbotson 
Johannes of Bergania, Talitha \"Tally\" Hamilton, Julia Grantley, Matteo von Tarlenheim

I don't mind seeing the characters together or in the following combinations: Matteo and Johannes, Julia and Tally, Matteo and Julia and Tally, Matteo and Tally.

<b><u>DNWs:</u></b>
-Gore/guro/vore.
-Torture of (non-sapient) animals.
-Graphic descriptions of nausea/vomiting.
-Reader inserts.
-Mundane AUs.
-Non-femslash A/B/O; femslash for this trope is fine!
-Crossovers/fusions between fandoms I haven't asked for. (Crossover within any fandom in my letter or previous exchange letters, along with mythology and folklore, are more than fine!)
-AUs with modern settings are no-no’s unless there’s a reasonable canon explanation. Even then, please no high school or coffee shop AUs.
-Age regression, de-ageing, or AUs in which one character is suddenly older than a previously older-than-them character (ageswap?).
-Girl!penis.
-For smut, I'd prefer not to see bloodplay, scat, watersports, and age play, and any sort of permanent marking/scarring (scarring and permanent markings outside smut is perfectly fine) <b>unless</b> I've prompted these things for the specific pairing.
-Genderswap which makes F/F or M/M canon pairings or F/F or M/M pairings I've requested F/M.
-Unrequested relationships as the main focus of a fic (side pairings/non-endgame relationships are fine)

Letter: http://the-wavesinger.dreamwidth.org/10068.html


Request 3 by The_Wavesinger
Dark Is Rising Sequence - Susan Cooper 
Jane Drew, The Lady (Dark Is Rising)

<b><u>DNWs:</u></b>
-Gore/guro/vore.
-Torture of (non-sapient) animals.
-Graphic descriptions of nausea/vomiting.
-Reader inserts.
-Mundane AUs.
-Non-femslash A/B/O; femslash for this trope is fine!
-Crossovers/fusions between fandoms I haven't asked for. (Crossover within any fandom in my letter or previous exchange letters, along with mythology and folklore, are more than fine!)
-AUs with modern settings are no-no’s unless there’s a reasonable canon explanation. Even then, please no high school or coffee shop AUs.
-Age regression, de-ageing, or AUs in which one character is suddenly older than a previously older-than-them character (ageswap?).
-Girl!penis.
-For smut, I'd prefer not to see bloodplay, scat, watersports, and age play, and any sort of permanent marking/scarring (scarring and permanent markings outside smut is perfectly fine) <b>unless</b> I've prompted these things for the specific pairing.
-Genderswap which makes F/F or M/M canon pairings or F/F or M/M pairings I've requested F/M.
-Unrequested relationships as the main focus of a fic (side pairings/non-endgame relationships are fine)

<b>Fandom-Specific DNW:</b> I would prefer not to see explicit smut if you're writing canon-era or pre-canon shipfic, although smut is more than fine for post-canon fic.

Letter: http://the-wavesinger.dreamwidth.org/10068.html


Request 4 by The_Wavesinger
The Shoes of the Fisherman - Morris West 
Pope Kiril I (Shoes of the Fisherman - West), Kamenev (Shoes of the Fisherman - West), Jean Télémond (Shoes of the Fisherman - West)

I don't mind seeing the characters together or in the following combinations: Kiril and Kamenev, Kiril and Jean Telemond.

<b><u>DNWs:</u></b>
-Gore/guro/vore.
-Torture of (non-sapient) animals.
-Graphic descriptions of nausea/vomiting.
-Reader inserts.
-Mundane AUs.
-Non-femslash A/B/O; femslash for this trope is fine!
-Crossovers/fusions between fandoms I haven't asked for. (Crossover within any fandom in my letter or previous exchange letters, along with mythology and folklore, are more than fine!)
-AUs with modern settings are no-no’s unless there’s a reasonable canon explanation. Even then, please no high school or coffee shop AUs.
-Age regression, de-ageing, or AUs in which one character is suddenly older than a previously older-than-them character (ageswap?).
-Girl!penis.
-For smut, I'd prefer not to see bloodplay, scat, watersports, and age play, and any sort of permanent marking/scarring (scarring and permanent markings outside smut is perfectly fine) <b>unless</b> I've prompted these things for the specific pairing.
-Genderswap which makes F/F or M/M canon pairings or F/F or M/M pairings I've requested F/M.
-Unrequested relationships as the main focus of a fic (side pairings/non-endgame relationships are fine)


Request 5 by The_Wavesinger
Annie On My Mind - Nancy Garden 
Liza Winthrop, Annie Kenyon, Isabelle Stevenson, Katherine Widmer

I don't mind seeing the characters together or in the following combinations: Annie and Liza, Ms. Widmer and Ms. Stevenson.

<b><u>DNWs:</u></b>
-Gore/guro/vore.
-Torture of (non-sapient) animals.
-Graphic descriptions of nausea/vomiting.
-Reader inserts.
-Mundane AUs.
-Non-femslash A/B/O; femslash for this trope is fine!
-Crossovers/fusions between fandoms I haven't asked for. (Crossover within any fandom in my letter or previous exchange letters, along with mythology and folklore, are more than fine!)
-AUs with modern settings are no-no’s unless there’s a reasonable canon explanation. Even then, please no high school or coffee shop AUs.
-Age regression, de-ageing, or AUs in which one character is suddenly older than a previously older-than-them character (ageswap?).
-Girl!penis.
-For smut, I'd prefer not to see bloodplay, scat, watersports, and age play, and any sort of permanent marking/scarring (scarring and permanent markings outside smut is perfectly fine) <b>unless</b> I've prompted these things for the specific pairing.
-Genderswap which makes F/F or M/M canon pairings or F/F or M/M pairings I've requested F/M.
-Unrequested relationships as the main focus of a fic (side pairings/non-endgame relationships are fine)

<b>Fandom-Specific DNW:</b> Please no het involving any of the characters I've requested unless they end up in a F/F relationship at the end of the fic. Also, please no gender/sexuality headcanons or genderswap for this fandom.

Letter: http://the-wavesinger.dreamwidth.org/10068.html


Request 6 by The_Wavesinger
Smith of Wootton Major - J. R. R. Tolkien 
Queen of Faery (Smith of Wootton Major), Warriors Coming Back From The Marches (Smith of Wootton Major)

I don't mind seeing the characters individually or together.

<b><u>DNWs:</u></b>
-Gore/guro/vore.
-Torture of (non-sapient) animals.
-Graphic descriptions of nausea/vomiting.
-Reader inserts.
-Mundane AUs.
-Non-femslash A/B/O; femslash for this trope is fine!
-Crossovers/fusions between fandoms I haven't asked for. (Crossover within any fandom in my letter or previous exchange letters, along with mythology and folklore, are more than fine!)
-AUs with modern settings are no-no’s unless there’s a reasonable canon explanation. Even then, please no high school or coffee shop AUs.
-Age regression, de-ageing, or AUs in which one character is suddenly older than a previously older-than-them character (ageswap?).
-Girl!penis.
-For smut, I'd prefer not to see bloodplay, scat, watersports, and age play, and any sort of permanent marking/scarring (scarring and permanent markings outside smut is perfectly fine) <b>unless</b> I've prompted these things for the specific pairing.
-Genderswap which makes F/F or M/M canon pairings or F/F or M/M pairings I've requested F/M.
-Unrequested relationships as the main focus of a fic (side pairings/non-endgame relationships are fine)

Letter: http://the-wavesinger.dreamwidth.org/10068.html


***

Request 1 by thimble
Devilman 
Asuka Ryou | Satan, Fudou Akira

dnws: non-con, kinks focusing on age differences, sadstuck (non-canonical character death, amnesia, terminal illness, etc), smut of underage characters, hurt/comfort, actually unrequited love, stories without conflict, pregnancy/kidfic, crossovers, first person POV.

prompts: I don't know if you've consumed the side material/sequels/spinoffs (I highly recommend it for the full experience!), but really what I loved best were the ones that explored the in-betweens and the could-have-beens. For prequel type things, how did they become friends? When did Ryo start to fall for Akira, and what was it about Akira that made him realize it? What did Akira think of Ryo initially, and how did it escalate to him putting so much blind faith in Ryo? And what about all those years between the extinction of humanity and the final battle? I would love your take on their interactions within that period of time, when all of their truths have been laid out and all that's left are the lingering feelings of both hate and love. Basically, anything we didn't see in canon is fair game, and if you want to play with post-canon (the ending of Devilman Lady especially) or alternate canon (the timeloop of the Amon manga), that's good too.

Letter: http://wino.dreamwidth.org/6337.html


Request 2 by thimble
Thunderbolt Fantasy 東離劍遊紀 (TV) 
Setsu Mu Sho | Shā Wú Shēng, Sho Fu Kan | Shāng Bù Huàn, Rin Setsu A | Lǐn Xuě Yā

dnws: non-con, kinks focusing on age differences, sadstuck (non-canonical character death, amnesia, terminal illness, etc), smut of underage characters, hurt/comfort, actually unrequited love, stories without conflict, pregnancy/kidfic, crossovers, first person POV.

prompts: If you want to go the Lin/Shang route, the show I think is tightly written enough that what happens afterwards is most interesting. Shang's stuck with Lin, unfortunately, so what becomes of that? How long does Lin tail him before he realizes, or before they start traveling together? What shenanigans do they get up to with both of them, essentially, targeting villains to steal from them? You truly can't go wrong with either of their POVs here—how Lin, king of repressing his feelings, rationalizes his developing emotions will be interesting, and so will Shang's dreaded realization that he kind of really likes the guy who only brings him trouble wherever he goes. If you develop them into something like a relationship, scenes of Lin trying to rile up Shang with his eternal patience are A+.

Alternately, Lin/Wu Sheng is the more painful side of the equation. I don't know if you've heard of the novel where Wu Sheng's backstory is explored, but their relationship pre-show is essentially the closest of friends, until they weren't. I'm not picky here! Whether or not you want to expand on the novel or make up your own backstory would be great. I'd love some insight into Wu Sheng's thought process, and how extreme love turned into extreme hate (still with love thrown in? You decide.) On Lin's part, did he ever think of Wu Sheng as a friend too, or has he always been a target? Did he struggle with finally turning on him? How did he really feel about Wu Sheng dying right in front of him? Also, concerning that line about meeting again in the next life, I'd love a reincarnation AU, or even a modern one, where maybe they'd finally get a happy ending (or maybe things will happen the same way again.)

And about Shang/Wu Sheng... that scene with them sitting across from each other was pretty much foreplay. Have at it, if you like.

Letter: http://wino.dreamwidth.org/6337.html


Request 3 by thimble
Little Witch Academia 
Sucy Manbavaran, Atsuko \"Akko\" Kagari

dnws: non-con, kinks focusing on age differences, sadstuck (non-canonical character death, amnesia, terminal illness, etc), smut of underage characters, hurt/comfort, actually unrequited love, stories without conflict, pregnancy/kidfic, crossovers, first person POV.

prompts: I would really love any sort of sweet falling in love fic for these two, no matter how rocky the waters might be to get there. Sucy acts like that kid pulling their crush's pigtails in middle school, and in the dream episode we get hints of it, so how and why and when did she take a liking to Akko (despite her very unique way of showing it?) How does Akko feel about this sort of incessant attention? Situations where they're forced to reveal and/or confront feelings would be nice, and some angst would be, too, as long as it's happy in the end. What-If scenarios are good for them—what if one of them had to leave school for one reason or another? What if Akko found out about Sucy's feelings while she was in Sucy's head? What if that kiss happened? What if they met each other's families? What if they'd met before Luna Nova? If you want to zoom ahead into the future to where they're older, it would be lovely to see how their dynamic might change and how it stayed the same.

Letter: http://wino.dreamwidth.org/6337.html


***

Request 1 by thingstodowithmyhands
His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman 
Lord Asriel, Marisa Coulter
Letter: http://thingstodo223.livejournal.com/381.html


Request 2 by thingstodowithmyhands
Blade Runner 2049 (2017) 
Joi (Blade Runner 2049)
Letter: http://thingstodo223.livejournal.com/381.html


Request 3 by thingstodowithmyhands
Six of Crows Series - Leigh Bardugo 
Kaz Brekker, Inej Ghafa
Letter: http://thingstodo223.livejournal.com/381.html


Request 4 by thingstodowithmyhands
The Good Place (TV) 
Eleanor Shellstrop, Tahani Al-Jamil
Letter: http://thingstodo223.livejournal.com/381.html


***

Request 1 by thinlizzy2
Green Wing 
Sue White

Please take me into Sue's marvelously bizarre world!

How much of what we see on the show is actually happening to her?  Did she genuinely give birth to a lion after a mysteriously invisible pregnancy?  Did she actually ride a camel through the halls of the hospital and if so HOW?  And WHY?  What's up with the bizarrely normal boyfriend from the finale and what's their dynamic?  How on Earth did she end up in a position of responsibility in a hospital of all places?  Is she even human?

Alternatively, That Time She Slept With Guy.  It's a story that needs to be told!


Request 2 by thinlizzy2
The Good Place (TV) 
Michael (The Good Place)

I think I might finally be getting over the loss of the Michael that we thought we had and becoming ready to embrace the Michael that is!

What really fascinates me is Michael's motivations.  If humans have been tortured the exact same way presumably since there were humans, then why the change?  What makes the traditional methods unsatisfying for Michael, and is he the first to think that way?  Obviously enough fellow demons agreed with him that he was able to staff his Good Place; is he the leader of a (possibly dying) movement?  I'd also love to get a closer look at the Head Office we saw in 1.13 and the dynamics there.

Other possibilities I'd love to see explored in fic or some of the Good Place attempts and how/why they failed.  I also think I'm beginning to ship Michael/Mindy, so if that's something you feel like exploring that would be great!

Please keep any actually torture in line with the over-the-top humor of the show rather than realistic or graphic.


Request 3 by thinlizzy2
Totinos (Saturday Night Live Sketch) 
Woman (Totinos Sketch), Sabine (Totinos Sketch)

Can these two just run away together and discover life outside that kitchen and living room?  I want to see Sabine bring the woman out into the sun and show her a world where people are talking about more than the Big Game.  Maybe even introduce her to some real food with, like, fresh fruit and whole grains or something.  And the woman can get an actual name!

Smut is not required, of course, but would be very welcome.  Crack would also be deeply loved.


Request 4 by thinlizzy2
The Truman Show (1998) 
Truman Burbank

I've always been fascinated by the idea of what Truman's life must have been like after he left the show.  

He's obviously not going to be able to just blend into society in the real word - everyone knows his face.  Does he have any actual work skills and will anyone hire him, or rent him an apartment, or just be able to be genuine friends with him?  It says in the film that he was the first baby to be legally adopted by a corporation, but are there others now and if so, how does he feel about their plight?  Are he and Sylvia really meant to be, or will they struggle to adjust to the reality of each other versus what they've built up in their minds?  And since the show obviously can't continue without him, that means that the actors who played his friends and family are now unemployed and out in the real world too.  Will he ever see any of them again, and how will those encounters go?

I'd like at least a hopeful ending please!


Request 5 by thinlizzy2
Roseanne 
Roseanne Conner, Dan Conner, Darlene Conner, Becky Conner

I'm really interested in the world that Roseanne described in the final moments of the series finale, the \"real world\" separate from the one in the show/the one that she wrote about.  She says that it was Becky who married David and Darlene who married Mark, that Jackie was a lesbian and that Dan died of his heart attack.  I'd love to see that world explored in more detail.  Does that mean that it was Darlene who ran away and eloped instead of Becky, or did Becky still run away but with David instead of Mark?  Was Becky the one who got unexpectedly pregnant and does baby Harris really exist?  Why was Roseanne convinced her daughters had chosen the wrong men, and was she right?  Were Nancy and Jackie lovers, or is Nancy a stand-in figure for Jackie's real sexuality?

If you want to handwave Dan's heart attack and keep him alive, I'm totally fine with that.  Or you could include it if you like, ad explore the ramifications.  I'd like that to be the only possible character death though please!


Request 6 by thinlizzy2
Lesbian Stereotypes Alignment Chart 
Lawfully Femme (LSAC), Chaotic Butch (LSAC)

I would like to see the Lawfully Femme character topping the hell out of the Chaotic Butch character (in, out or in/out of bed) and it being deeply fulfilling for both of them and absolutely everything they've ever wanted.

Any fleshing out their world, their characters, their lives and who they are is also awesome, but I'd really like them to have a happy ending where they end up in love together.  

Please don't use characters from existing fandoms as their bases unless it's possible to understand and enjoy the story fully without knowing those fandoms.

Smut is not required, of course, but would be extremely welcome!


***

Request 1 by This
Dark Matter (TV) 
Anders (Dark Matter), Kyle Kierken, Six | Griffin Jones, Three | Marcus Boone

Don't Want:
-cheating
-I really prefer monogamy &amp; exclusive threeways to open relationships
-F/M or any other het configuration, consensual or non; a mention of background or past het ship is OK
-character's permanent death, generally depressing hopeless endings (for example there's no hope for a rescue or a treatment to a mortal illness, and alike hopeless scenarios)
-A/B/O or BDSM AUs
-scat, vomit kink
-I'm OK with gore featuring your fic, but please no skull or open gash fucking, tongue or nails or teeth removal, and similar gore; if in doubt feel free to ask through the mod

&nbsp;

This show has so many great characters that made it hard for me to decide who to request. Well, Three is my favorite, so choosing him was the easy part, but in regard to the other characters, eventually I went for the ones that are, or were at a former moment in their life, officers of the law, so here is probably an underlying theme. While I'd prefer you to include Three in your fic, you don't have to write all of them, I'm also interested to read a story about Three with one or two of my other requested characters.

I've binge watched the series recently and the worldbuilding is something that particularly caught my attention and made me wish to see or read more about, so a fic exploring some of that, maybe related to the GA or a GA-related political plot, would be great.

This said, prisons! I'm a sucker for prison scenarios, the opening of season two had just that and it was great but now I want more, and maybe portrayed as darker than that. :D So, some interesting ideas could be my favorite characters getting arrested and sentenced to prison time, having to dodge, or being unable to do that, the show of strength coming from other inmates, getting in serious trouble or being unable to evade the regular beating. Forced to go to suicidal missions as part of a secret task force because some of the GA handling the detention center is on the payroll of one or the other corporation: the criminals are expendable, and the Raza crew is renowned for their skills in battle. But I'm also interested to stories where the victim gets tortured as a means to gain information, or brainwashed with the purpose of render him a blindly-obedient puppet, and so on.

I'm a sucker for slash fic, so I'll love all the fic about Three/other character being or falling into a relationship. Friends or Fuck-buddies or Rivals or Enemies to Lovers, they sound all great to me! But if you don't write slash, fic focusing on interaction of my requested characters, bonding (fighting side-to-side in battle, later celebrating together the victory), or forced-by-the-circumstances bonding (imprisoned in the same place, runaways together, handcuffed together, and so on) would be also great; besides I'm absolutely always up to all the hurt/comfort scenarios as well! I'm a sucker for manly hugs and physical comfort, tending the reciprocal injuries or situations where one is too hurt to manage even simple tasks like to eat or to bath, and needs someone's help to feed him or bathing him or shaving his facial hair, etc.

Letter: http://thisu.dreamwidth.org/841.html


Request 2 by This
Iron Fist (TV) 
Ward Meachum (Iron Fist (TV))

Don't Want:
-cheating
-I really prefer monogamy &amp; exclusive threeways to open relationships
-F/M or any other het configuration, consensual or non; a mention of background or past het ship is OK
-character's permanent death, generally depressing hopeless endings (for example there's no hope for a rescue or a treatment to a mortal illness, and alike hopeless scenarios)
-A/B/O or BDSM AUs
-scat, vomit kink
-I'm OK with gore featuring your fic, but please no skull or open gash fucking, tongue or nails or teeth removal, and similar gore; if in doubt feel free to ask through the mod

&nbsp;

I loved so much Ward's narrative arc in Iron Fist, I really felt for him while watching the show, at the very beginning he was presented as an abuse victim likely to be turned/turn into the possible next foe, but instead he slowly turned into an ally and by the end he made the right choices that in a way redeemed and freed him. He would be such an easy choice for nice hurt and comfort scenarios, and for this very reason I'd both be happy with either stories where he suffer some more, maybe by the hand of his creepy father, or stories where he finally finds some happiness.

For dark stories, I'm cool with either twisted-by-evil Harold or the Hand torturing or nonconning Ward for reasons. Maybe Ward gets kidnapped by masked dudes and they do the torture or noncon, in order to acquire blackmail material, or other reason? No bad ends though, like Ward's death or similar depressing ending.

For happier stories, I'm OK with some options, if you have ideas feel free to explore them. If you write slash, I'd really love slash ship fic. For example a fic where Ward finds (or gets found by) someone to love and who loves him back. The other guy can be anyone at all, an original guy, or a male character from Iron Fist or the other Defenders shows, from comics or a different canon, in or outside the Marvel sphere, or an OMC. :)

I'm also a sucker for recovery fic, abuse recovery, torture recovery, and so on, in the event you like to write this kind of angsty fic.

Letter: http://thisu.dreamwidth.org/841.html


Request 3 by This
Killjoys (TV) 
Fancy Lee, D'avin Jaqobis

Don't Want:
-cheating
-I really prefer monogamy &amp; exclusive threeways to open relationships
-F/M or any other het configuration, consensual or non; a mention of background or past het ship is OK
-character's permanent death, generally depressing hopeless endings (for example there's no hope for a rescue or a treatment to a mortal illness, and alike hopeless scenarios)
-A/B/O or BDSM AUs
-scat, vomit kink
-I'm OK with gore featuring your fic, but please no skull or open gash fucking, tongue or nails or teeth removal, and similar gore; if in doubt feel free to ask through the mod

&nbsp;

Fancy is my favorite hands down, and I'm totally here to request more fic focusing on him, and D'avin and him, because the sequence at the end of season two with the two of them together was one of my favorite things and made me wish more canon interaction and development regarding them, but alas. I love Fancy's arc started in season two and ended in the following season regarding the Hullen, and D'avin's role with his powers to reject the green goo out of the host bodies (when he has sex with them ;D) so I'd be cool with a story going in this or similar directions regarding my requested characters. Maybe Fancy gets infected with a different kind of goo and they need to get it out of him fast, and having the two of them having sex would be the faster way. ;D What if, eventually, they find that they actually liked it? ;DDD

I'm also cool with body horror or exploring either character's time while imprisoned in a facility and getting tortured or conditioned to obey (thinking of D'avin while still with the military, prior of season 1), or nonconsensual body experimentation while detained in the Red 17 facility (thinking of either or both of them). Or any other like that. 

But I'm totally open to other scenarios too, if you have a cool idea for a story about D'avin and Fancy that you feel I would love to read, feel free to write it for me. :) 

I'm a sucker for slash fic, so I'll love all the fic about Fancy/D'avin being or falling into a relationship. Friends or Fuck-buddies or Rivals or Enemies to Lovers, they sound all great to me! But if you don't write slash, fic focusing on interaction of my requested characters, bonding (fighting side-to-side in battle, later celebrating together the victory), or forced-by-the-circumstances bonding (imprisoned in the same place, runaways together, handcuffed together, and so on) would be also great; besides I'm absolutely always up to all the hurt/comfort scenarios as well! I'm a sucker for manly hugs and physical comfort, tending the reciprocal injuries or situations where one is too hurt to manage even simple tasks like to eat or to bath, and needs someone's help to feed him or bathing him or shaving his facial hair, etc.

Letter: http://thisu.dreamwidth.org/841.html


***

Request 1 by thischarmingmutant
British Romantic Writers RPF 
John Keats (British Romantic Writers RPF), Lord Byron (British Romantic Writers RPF)

I'd love to see a battle of wits and insults between Byron and Keats that leads to begrudging respect, surprising fondness, and/or sexy shenanigans. It can be as scathing or as silly as you like. Gen or slash - whatever works for you.

If you go the sexy route, venture as far vanilla or kinky as you like, as fluffy or dark as you like. No non-con, but the dubious consent of the two of them having imbibed a bit too much is fine. If you go in for power dynamics, I'd really be interested in either of them dominating - or both trying to, to whatever results that leads to - but I admit a bit of Byron both lightly humiliating and praising Keats would not be amiss. Keats casts the men in his poems as being subject to dominant lovers and forces, so...

Alternately, an epistolatory fic - letters between them and/or about each other, as written to others (include whoever else you'd like) would be lovely.

And I'm always a sucker for coffeeshop AUs, or any AU really, so if you're inclined that way, you have my utmost blessing. Include any other persons you wish.

Really, anything with these two blustering at each other will make me happy, dear author.

Thank you!

Letter: http://thischarmingmutant.tumblr.com/post/166205342269/dear-yuletide-author


Request 2 by thischarmingmutant
Alien: Covenant 
Walter (Alien: Covenant), David 8 (Alien: Covenant)

I'm interested in any fic in which Walter lives and he and David stay put. Walter can be willing or not. 

I'd love to see David continuing to teach Walter to be more in touch with his emotions, to engage him in music, poetry, and other aesthetic and intellectual pursuits. There's so much to explore with these two - their different ways of thinking/their programming, and how they might influence each other. The power dynamics - David is at once a brother and a parental figure to Walter, and also potentially a lover...though it always ties back to David's narcissism in the end. Can there even be any real meaningful connection between them? 

I'll take fluff; I'll take crack; I'll take porn; I'll take darkness. Gen or slash. Antagonism, friendship, codependency, Stockholm Syndrome, raising face-hugger babies together... I'm game if you are.

No non-con, please, but dub-con is fine. The death of either character, if you feel it serves your story, is fine. If you can sneak some more Shelley poetry in there, that'd be great! Or mix it up with some Keats or some other Romantic instead. Not a requirement, but David likes it :)

Thank you!

Letter: http://thischarmingmutant.tumblr.com/post/166205342269/dear-yuletide-author


Request 3 by thischarmingmutant
Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn Waugh 
Sebastian Flyte (Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn Waugh), Charles Ryder (Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn Waugh)

Any fic about any of these characters would be lovely. I'm partial to Charles/Sebastian as a pairing, but gen is fine too. A few little prompts:

1. General Sebastian and Charles drunken shenanigans at Brideshead or Oxford.

2. Sebastian and Charles first kiss/first time.

3. An exploration of Sebastian's descent into alcoholism, examining his motivations and feelings, sober and drunk, healthy and frail, living and dying. Something angsty but with a poetry to it..

4. A history of Sebastian and Aloysius, or the characters from Aloysius's perspective :)

5. Any kind of modern AU!

You're welcome to include any other characters from the book too. 

Thank you!

Letter: http://thischarmingmutant.tumblr.com/post/166205342269/dear-yuletide-author


Request 4 by thischarmingmutant
Hot Fuzz (2007) 
Nicholas Angel, Danny Butterman

I'd really love to just have a slice-of-life fic for these two. A day on the job, a day around the flat, watching movies together, eating and drinking, being affectionate...romantic or platonic. I envision Nick and Danny in a sort of romantic friendship - very open with each other and down for a cuddle, but not really sexual. Neither of them seeing anyone else, though, and perfectly content with their lot. If you view them and write them as purely good friends, that's more than fine too.

Wish list: fond bickering, thoughtful gestures, inside jokes, and, maybe, just maybe, someone falling asleep on the other whilst watching Bad Boys or something in that ilk.

I'll be happy with anything happy for these two, really.

Thank you!

Letter: http://thischarmingmutant.tumblr.com/post/166205342269/dear-yuletide-author


***

Request 1 by thisisthemorning
Emelan - Tamora Pierce 
Briar Moss, Dedicate Rosethorn

Will of the Empress really makes it clear that Briar and Rosethorn are very affected by the war they live through, and I would really like to see what happens between the end of Battle Magic and the beginning of the Will of the Empress, on their journey home or during their first months back in Emelan.

For specific prompts and more details, see my letter! General DNWs and likes below for easy reference:

General likes:
- plotty fic (I love long fic, so if you'd like to write something longer, go for it!)
- pre- or post-canon
- happy endings (including AU/fix-it endings)
- friendships or relationships forged through sharing a dangerous situation
- hurt/comfort (including: people getting really beaten up/physically damaged/abused in some way and then being rescued by a loved one; people bravely soldiering on through illness or injury so that they don't let down their friends, winning the day, and finally being overcome by their ailment and having to be cared for, and this ultimately deepening a relationship into romance, deep friendship, or substitute parent relationship - especially if it causes a change of heart about a relationship!)
- unresolved sexual tension
- serious injury/illness and recovery
- adventure!

DNWs:
- first person or second person narrative
- PWPs/lemons
- super fluffy fic
- porny/kinky fic (sex scenes should fade to black, please)
- AUs (eg hipster AU, high school AU, coffee shop AU etc)
- character bashing

Letter: http://thisisthemorning.dreamwidth.org/2234.html


Request 2 by thisisthemorning
White Boots - Noel Streatfeild 
Lalla Moore, Harriet Johnson

I would love to see Harriet's and Lalla's lives and friendship (or more!) post-canon! I absolutely ship them (as adults) but I would love to see anything about their relationship and its growth as they grow older, whether as friends or realising that they feel something more for each other. 

For specific prompts and more details, see my letter! General DNWs and likes below for easy reference:

General likes:
- plotty fic (I love long fic, so if you'd like to write something longer, go for it!)
- pre- or post-canon
- happy endings (including AU/fix-it endings)
- friendships or relationships forged through sharing a dangerous situation
- hurt/comfort (including: people getting really beaten up/physically damaged/abused in some way and then being rescued by a loved one; people bravely soldiering on through illness or injury so that they don't let down their friends, winning the day, and finally being overcome by their ailment and having to be cared for, and this ultimately deepening a relationship into romance, deep friendship, or substitute parent relationship - especially if it causes a change of heart about a relationship!)
- unresolved sexual tension
- serious injury/illness and recovery
- adventure!

DNWs:
- first person or second person narrative
- PWPs/lemons
- super fluffy fic
- porny/kinky fic (sex scenes should fade to black, please)
- AUs (eg hipster AU, high school AU, coffee shop AU etc)
- character bashing

Letter: http://thisisthemorning.dreamwidth.org/2234.html


Request 3 by thisisthemorning
Tricksters - Tamora Pierce 
Dovasary Balitang (Tricksters), Alianne Cooper (Tricksters)

Generally, I'd love case fic for this fandom - a post-canon spy story featuring both Aly and Dove would be amazing! I don't mind if you want to go for a longer plotted story, or a 'five things' style fic with moments from a larger story.

For specific prompts and more details, see my letter! General DNWs and likes below for easy reference:

General likes:
- plotty fic (I love long fic, so if you'd like to write something longer, go for it!)
- pre- or post-canon
- happy endings (including AU/fix-it endings)
- friendships or relationships forged through sharing a dangerous situation
- hurt/comfort (including: people getting really beaten up/physically damaged/abused in some way and then being rescued by a loved one; people bravely soldiering on through illness or injury so that they don't let down their friends, winning the day, and finally being overcome by their ailment and having to be cared for, and this ultimately deepening a relationship into romance, deep friendship, or substitute parent relationship - especially if it causes a change of heart about a relationship!)
- unresolved sexual tension
- serious injury/illness and recovery
- adventure!

DNWs:
- first person or second person narrative
- PWPs/lemons
- super fluffy fic
- porny/kinky fic (sex scenes should fade to black, please)
- AUs (eg hipster AU, high school AU, coffee shop AU etc)
- character bashing

Letter: http://thisisthemorning.dreamwidth.org/2234.html


***

Request 1 by thistidalwave
Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda - Becky Albertalli 
Simon Spier, Bram Greenfeld

DNW: overkill domesticity (think curtain fic), mpreg, daddy kink, feeding kink, a/b/o, kidfic, and self-harm

Letter: http://thistidalwave.tumblr.com/private/165963443895/tumblr_ox6pie9Tfg1qgp8uv


Request 2 by thistidalwave
The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue Series - Mackenzi Lee 
Percy Newton, Henry \"Monty\" Montague

DNW: overkill domesticity (think curtain fic), mpreg, daddy kink, feeding kink, a/b/o, kidfic, and self-harm

Letter: http://thistidalwave.tumblr.com/private/165963443895/tumblr_ox6pie9Tfg1qgp8uv


Request 3 by thistidalwave
Anastasia - Flaherty/Ahrens/McNally 
Anastasia Nikolaevna Romanov Grand Duchess of Russia (Flaherty/Ahrens/McNally), Dimitri | Dmitry (Flaherty/Ahrens/McNally)

DNW: overkill domesticity (think curtain fic), mpreg, daddy kink, feeding kink, a/b/o, kidfic, and self-harm

Letter: http://thistidalwave.tumblr.com/private/165963443895/tumblr_ox6pie9Tfg1qgp8uv


Request 4 by thistidalwave
Georgia Peaches and Other Forbidden Fruit - Jaye Robin Brown 
Mary Carlson Bailey (Georgia Peaches), Joanna Gordon (Georgia Peaches)

DNW: overkill domesticity (think curtain fic), mpreg, daddy kink, feeding kink, a/b/o, kidfic, and self-harm

Letter: http://thistidalwave.tumblr.com/private/165963443895/tumblr_ox6pie9Tfg1qgp8uv


Request 5 by thistidalwave
Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator 
Ernest Vega, Lucien Bloodmarch

DNW: overkill domesticity (think curtain fic), mpreg, daddy kink, feeding kink, a/b/o, kidfic, and self-harm

Letter: http://thistidalwave.tumblr.com/private/165963443895/tumblr_ox6pie9Tfg1qgp8uv


Request 6 by thistidalwave
Fantastic Four (2015) 
Ben Grimm (Fantastic Four 2015), Reed Richards (Fantastic Four 2015)

DNW: overkill domesticity (think curtain fic), mpreg, daddy kink, feeding kink, a/b/o, kidfic, and self-harm

Letter: http://thistidalwave.tumblr.com/private/165963443895/tumblr_ox6pie9Tfg1qgp8uv


***

Request 1 by threadofgrace
Dublin Murder Squad Series - Tana French 
Cassie Maddox, Antoinette Conway, Frank Mackey, Stephen Moran

See my letter for more details

Essentially, I'm looking for a story where Cassie comes face to face with Conway and they have an opportunity to discuss what it's like to be the only female cop on the squad. I have a feeling that Conway would, at least initially, really hate Cassie, but it would be really interesting to explore this dynamic. 

I've actually tried to write this story myself a few times and failed, so I'm turning it into a prompt. In my version, I've tried to make it a casefic, where Cassie is somehow implicated and Conway drags her in for an interrogation that turns into a broader conversation about the squad, even as Conway is trying to assess her innocence.  However, I can never seem to quite get it to work. 

I really like the idea of an interrogation scene between the two of them and it would be awesome if you could run with that. However, if that doesn't work and you want to have them meet up in another context, that's totally fine. 

(I'm always a fan of Frank and Stephen showing up, so if you can find a way to work them in, the more the merrier. However, it's not required.)

Letter: http://threadofgrace42.livejournal.com/


Request 2 by threadofgrace
The Good Place (TV) 
Eleanor Shellstrop, Janet (The Good Place), Tahani Al-Jamil, Chidi Anagonye

See my letter for details!

I loved all the montages from Season 2 episode 2 and I think it could be fun to explore some of those other failed attempts in a little more depth.

With that in mind, here are a few different prompts (Feel free to pick one or combine):

1. Eleanor and her dog soulmate. Seriously, what happened there? I think a story about a weirded out Eleanor who bonds with a dog in spite of herself could be very cute. And did the dog somehow play a role in Eleanor discovering she was in The Bad Place?  (This probably goes without saying...but no actual bestiality please.)

2. Eleanor and the attempt where Tahani was her soulmate. I kind of ship them already, and I just want to see what happened. (In this case, sex is fine, but it's also not required.)

3. Janet at Hamilton: This is not exactly in line with the idea of exploring alternate realities, but um, if you wanted to write a story about Janet seeing Hamilton and possibly running into Daveed Diggs and/or Lin-Manuel Miranda, I wouldn't exactly be displeased....

Letter: http://threadofgrace42.livejournal.com/


Request 3 by threadofgrace
iZombie (TV) 
Ravi Chakrabarti (iZombie TV)

See my letter for more details:

This is probably my simplest prompt. Ravi is the best part of the show. He doesn't get enough chances to be badass though. So give Ravi a chance to be awesome. 

Let him save the world. Let him save Liv. 

Let him team up with Clive for an adventure. 

The sky is the limit!

Letter: http://threadofgrace42.livejournal.com/


Request 4 by threadofgrace
The Defenders (Marvel TV) 
Matt Murdock (The Defenders (Marvel TV)), Jessica Jones (The Defenders (Marvel TV)), Colleen Wing (The Defenders (Marvel TV)), Elektra Natchios (The Defenders (Marvel TV))

See my letter!

&nbsp;

In short, here are some of the things I like about this show:

&nbsp;

1.  I really love the women on this show being badass. Particularly, I love it whenever Colleen, Misty, or Claire get to step into the spotlight. 

2.   I really like Jessica and Matt together. I can get behind them as a romantic pairing, but I also like them as platonic friends. I just think their dynamic is interesting.

3. I tend to enjoy it when Matt gets yelled at for being an angsty, self-destructive idiot.

Dear author, can you please weave 1, 2, or 3 of these things into a story? Thank you!

Letter: http://threadofgrace42.livejournal.com/


Request 5 by threadofgrace
Pod Save America (RPF) 
Jon Lovett (Pod Save America RPF), Jon Favreau (Pod Save America RPF), Tommy Vietor (Pod Save America RPF), Tim Miller (Pod Save America RPF)

See my letter for more details!

Lets face it, the current US political reality sucks. I'm tired of it, you're probably tired of it, and I can only imagine that Jon, Jon, and Tommy are too. 

So, let's do away with reality for the moment and send the boys on an epic fantasy/video game style quest.

Imagine that one day Tommy discovered that Trump's wedding band when he married Marla Maples was actually a Horcrux. Yikes! Now they have to schlep to Mordor (or to DC, or one of the early primary states)  to drop the darned thing into a pit of fire, thereby destroying a part of Trump's soul and in the process, invalidating the 2016 election. Only wait-there are somehow no plane tickets left, like, ever again. So they have to drive. 

After being stuck in the car together for days, will Jon and Tommy manage not to strangle Lovett? Will they all collectively starve to death without easy access to their postmates accounts? 

What kinds of wacky characters, friends and foes will they meet along the way? And which category does Tim Miller fit into? 

What will happen when they actually get where they're going?  Is there a shocking twist where Pundit turns out to be the secret brains behind the 2016 campaign and the actual mastermind  pulling Trump's strings? (Nobody's THAT much of an angel...)

You get the general idea, feel free to use this quest or to make up your own! (Also, for this story, please no slash:))

Letter: http://threadofgrace42.livejournal.com/


Request 6 by threadofgrace
Belinda Blinked Series - Rocky Flintstone 
Belinda Blumenthal

See my letter for details!

This is pretty simple: I want an illuminating story from Belinda's childhood that explores what drives her as an adult.

You can turn up the angst if you want or you could just make it silly. Please try to avoid an actual child sex scene, but otherwise make it as ridiculous and weird as you want. Go wild!

Letter: http://threadofgrace42.livejournal.com/


***

Request 1 by th_esaurus
Call Me By Your Name RPF 
Timothée Chalamet (Call Me By Your Name RPF), Armie Hammer (Call Me By Your Name RPF)
Letter: http://drawsaurus.tumblr.com/post/165933045046


Request 2 by th_esaurus
Edge of Tomorrow (2014) 
Rita Vrataski, William Cage
Letter: http://drawsaurus.tumblr.com/post/165933045046


Request 3 by th_esaurus
Secret History - Donna Tartt 
Henry Winter
Letter: http://drawsaurus.tumblr.com/post/165933045046


Request 4 by th_esaurus
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (2011) 
Jim Prideaux (TTSS 2011), Bill Haydon (TTSS 2011)
Letter: http://drawsaurus.tumblr.com/post/165933045046


***

Request 1 by Tibby
To the Ends of the Earth Trilogy - William Golding 
Charles Summers, Edmund Talbot

Anything romantic (maybe with some unrequited yearning on Summers' side) would be wonderful but I'd be delighted with friendshippy gen as well.

DNW: Underage, non-con

Letter: http://bakerloo.dreamwidth.org/8947.html


Request 2 by Tibby
Quacks (TV) 
Caroline Lessing, Robert Lessing, William Agar, John Sutton (Quacks)

Any kind of demented early-Victorian adventure with this gang suits me. I 'ship Caroline and Robert, and I think William's one-sided devotion to Caroline is rather sweet. I'm also open to Robert/William or Robert/Caroline/William or, come to that, Caroline going off and doing some experimenting in the name of self-realisation. Keeping it gen would be equally nice.

You don't have to use all the characters I've chosen if you don't want to, I love all of them in whichever combination.

DNW: Underage, non-con.

Letter: http://bakerloo.dreamwidth.org/8947.html


Request 3 by Tibby
Victoria (TV) 
Queen Victoria (1819 - 1901) (Victoria (TV)), William Lamb 2nd Viscount Melbourne (Victoria (TV)), Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (Victoria (TV)), Dash (Victoria (TV))

I 'ship Melbourne and Victoria like crazy and I'll read anything about them. I like Victoria and Albert lots too. Honestly, the best outcome for me would probably be a historically inaccurate threesome... Gen is also very welcome, of course. You don't have to use all of the characters I've chosen if you'd prefer to focus on one character/pairing or another.

DNW: Underage, non-con.

Letter: http://bakerloo.dreamwidth.org/8947.html


Request 4 by Tibby
Jeeves - P. G. Wodehouse 
Reginald Jeeves (Jeeves - P. G. Wodehouse), Bertram \"Bertie\" Wooster (Jeeves - P. G. Wodehouse)

I love Bertie and Jeeves as a pairing but I'd be equally happy with something more in keeping with the tone of the original stories.

DNW: Underage, non-con.

Letter: http://bakerloo.dreamwidth.org/8947.html


Request 5 by Tibby
Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day (2008) 
Guinevere Pettigrew, Delysia LaFosse, Michael Pardue, Joe Blomfield

You don't have to use all of the characters I've chosen - there are lots of combinations I'd love to see, as well as gen about individual characters. I would be thrilled with Guinevere/Delysia (romantic or friendship), Guinevere/Joe or Delysia/Michael.

DNW: Underage, non-con.

Letter: http://bakerloo.dreamwidth.org/8947.html


***

Request 1 by tide_ms
Oh My Girl (Band) 
Yoo Shiah | Yooa (Oh My Girl), Kim Jiho (Oh My Girl), Choi Hyojung (Oh My Girl), Bae Yoobin | Binnie (Oh My Girl)
Letter: http://tide-ms.dreamwidth.org/2728.html


Request 2 by tide_ms
Mamamoo 
Moon Byulyi | Moonbyul (Mamamoo)
Letter: http://tide-ms.dreamwidth.org/2728.html


Request 3 by tide_ms
Sense8 (TV) 
Sun Bak, Riley Blue
Letter: http://tide-ms.dreamwidth.org/2728.html


***

Request 1 by tielan
S.W.A.T. (2003) 
Chris Sanchez (S.W.A.T. 2003), Jim Street (S.W.A.T. 2003), Deacon \"Deke\" Kay (S.W.A.T. 2003), Dan \"Hondo\" Harrelson (S.W.A.T. 2003)

Mostly, I love the characters in S.W.A.T and the team aspect of it. I enjoyed the connections in the cop shop (Jim having dated this co-worker's sister), and really liked that Sanchez clearly has supportive family around her (she leaves her daughter to go to work) and that Deke had the uncle with the pizza parlor. They're not islands, they're a network. If you can riff off that, it would be fantastic.

Further details and scenarios in the letter.

Letter: http://tielan.dreamwidth.org/1060389.html


Request 2 by tielan
Dragon Prince Trilogy - Melanie Rawn 
Sionell of Remagev, Pol (Melanie Rawn), Jihan (Melanie Rawn), Jahnev of Remagev (Melanie Rawn)

I love the worldbuilding of the Princedoms, the sense of the story unfinished, and the possibilities in not only these four but all the other characters that populate the world: where they're going, what they're doing, the feuds and friendships that develop over the years into the future. How does having an openly faradhi/diarmadhi High Prince and his heir change the balance of power among the Princedoms? 

Further ideas/scenarios in the letter.

Letter: http://tielan.dreamwidth.org/1060389.html


Request 3 by tielan
Valdemar Series - Mercedes Lackey 
Keisha Alder, Kelvren (Valdemar), Nightwind k'Leshya, Darian Firkin

What I like about this canon is the way forward - how the isolated Hawkbrothers integrate with the more adventurous parts of Valdemaran society, especially in the decade after the Great Storms and the end of The Guardianship (that thing between the Shin'a'in and the Tayledras). While Lackey did tend to fall in love with her own worldbuilding around the village and the vale, I didn't mind it so much - I love seeing how worlds fit together, operate, and integrate, and the relationships, bonds, and issues that turn up in the face of those changes.

Further ideas/scenarios in the letter.

Letter: http://tielan.dreamwidth.org/1060389.html


Request 4 by tielan
Mr. and Mrs. Smith (2005) 
John Smith (Mr. and Mrs. Smith), Jane Smith (Mr. and Mrs. Smith)

The thing I enjoyed about this canon was the comedy of it; the jobs they took, the way they kept secrets from each other. Now that they know who the other is, what the other does, how much do they share? Do they share - do they even take jobs now that they're on the run? Are they a combined unit of killers? The potential for more stories in this universe quite fascinates me.

Further ideas/scenarios in the letter.

Letter: http://tielan.dreamwidth.org/1060389.html


Request 5 by tielan
Enchanted (2007) 
Nancy Tremaine, Edward (Disney: Enchanted)

The potential of this canon is, for me, in 'making their happily ever after' with emphasis on the 'making'. The other thing I'd like to see is a balance between the fantasy and the real, Nancy's real-world pragmatism and romance, and Edward's kindness and innocence against the reality of ruling (even an enchanted realm like Andalasia is going to have it's thorns).

Further ideas/scenarios in the letter.

Letter: http://tielan.dreamwidth.org/1060389.html


Request 6 by tielan
Talents Series - Anne McCaffrey 
Asia Eagle, Rojer Lyon

This canon's attraction is the way that relationships work with the extra dimension of Talented skill, the boundaries and rules for dealing with people who are extraordinarily powerful, and the negotiation of relationships. 

Further ideas/scenarios in the letter.

Letter: http://tielan.dreamwidth.org/1060389.html


***

Request 1 by tigrrmilk
Singin' in the Rain (1952) 
Cosmo Brown, Don Lockwood, Kathy Selden

OT3 forever! Or queer gen focusing on Cosmo, or Cosmo/Don at a push.

Letter: http://alwaysalready.dreamwidth.org/718.html


Request 2 by tigrrmilk
Persuasion - Jane Austen 
Anne Elliot (Persuasion - Austen), Frederick Wentworth (Persuasion - Austen)
Letter: http://alwaysalready.dreamwidth.org/718.html


Request 3 by tigrrmilk
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell (TV) 
John Childermass (JSMN TV)
Letter: http://alwaysalready.dreamwidth.org/718.html


Request 4 by tigrrmilk
The Winged Histories - Sofia Samatar 
Letter: http://alwaysalready.dreamwidth.org/718.html


***

Request 1 by tillunwish
People of Earth (TV 2016) 
Jonathan Walsh, Ozzie Graham

see letter!

Letter: http://mageftiki.livejournal.com/19065.html


Request 2 by tillunwish
Wolf 359 (Radio) 
Doug Eiffel (Wolf 359), Renée Minkowski (Wolf 359), Daniel Jacobi (Wolf 359)

see letter!

Letter: http://mageftiki.livejournal.com/19065.html


Request 3 by tillunwish
Reservoir Dogs (1992) 
Mr. White (Reservoir Dogs), Mr. Orange (Reservoir Dogs)

see letter!

Letter: http://mageftiki.livejournal.com/19065.html


***

Request 1 by timeladyromana
Fantastic Four (Comicverse) 
Reed Richards (Comics), Susan Storm (Comics), Johnny Storm (Comicverse), Peter Parker (Comicverse)

likes:

fluff, especially the domestic or married kind, but always believably in character
sweet family moments
humor/banter
pranks
healthy/functional relationships
happy endings
mutual pining
fake dating
everyone-thinks-they’re-dating
friends to lovers
established relationships
get-together
angst, but not excessive
fun fusions or mash-ups!

dislikes/do not wants:

excessive gore/violence
torture
abuse
noncon
unnecessary tragedy
permanent noncanonical deaths
dysfunctional or unhealthy relationships in general
A/B/O or mpreg or pregnancy in general, actually
incest
character bashing

Letter: http://timeladyromana.dreamwidth.org/742.html


Request 2 by timeladyromana
Justice League International (Comics) 
Ted Kord (JLI Comics), Scott Free (JLI Comics), Michael Carter (JLI Comics), Big Barda (JLI Comics)

likes:

fluff, especially the domestic or married kind, but always believably in character
sweet family moments
humor/banter
pranks
healthy/functional relationships
happy endings
mutual pining
fake dating
everyone-thinks-they’re-dating
friends to lovers
established relationships
get-together
angst, but not excessive
fun fusions or mash-ups!

dislikes/do not wants:

excessive gore/violence
torture
abuse
noncon
unnecessary tragedy
permanent noncanonical deaths
dysfunctional or unhealthy relationships in general
A/B/O or mpreg or pregnancy in general, actually
incest
character bashing

Letter: http://timeladyromana.dreamwidth.org/742.html


Request 3 by timeladyromana
Spider-Gwen (Comics) 
Mary Jane Watson (Spider-Gwen), Gwen Stacy (Spider-Gwen)

likes:

fluff, especially the domestic or married kind, but always believably in character
sweet family moments
humor/banter
pranks
healthy/functional relationships
happy endings
mutual pining
fake dating
everyone-thinks-they’re-dating
friends to lovers
established relationships
get-together
angst, but not excessive
fun fusions or mash-ups!

dislikes/do not wants:

excessive gore/violence
torture
abuse
noncon
unnecessary tragedy
permanent noncanonical deaths
dysfunctional or unhealthy relationships in general
A/B/O or mpreg or pregnancy in general, actually
incest
character bashing

Letter: http://timeladyromana.dreamwidth.org/742.html


***

Request 1 by tinx_r
Riptide (TV) 
Nick Ryder, Cody Allen

I love them. Anything, please.

Letter: http://tinx-r.dreamwidth.org/151324.html


Request 2 by tinx_r
Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers 
Peter Wimsey (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers), Mervyn Bunter (Lord Peter Wimsey - Dorothy L. Sayers)

Peter and Bunter make me happy. Gen, slash, slice of life, casefic, war, ptsd... :)

Letter: http://tinx-r.dreamwidth.org/151324.html


Request 3 by tinx_r
James Asher Vampire Series - Barbara Hambly 
Simon Ysidro
Letter: http://tinx-r.dreamwidth.org/151324.html


***

Request 1 by Tiriel
The Catch (TV) 

I loved this show a ton.  I will write more details in my DYA letter in my journal soon!

Letter: http://tirtir.dreamwidth.org


Request 2 by Tiriel
Logan Lucky (2017) 

This was probably my favorite movie this year.  I will write more in my DYA soon!

Letter: http://tirtir.dreamwidth.org


Request 3 by Tiriel
Undercover Blues (1993) 

Such a delightful movie.  I will write more in my DYA soon!

Letter: http://tirtir.dreamwidth.org


***

Request 1 by Tish
Colditz (1972) 

Alternate timeline – e.g. what changes if the Russians liberated the castle?

Mini Olympic Games! Football – do the Germans keep invading the Poles' side of the pitch? Tennis with broken racquets. Foot races wearing Dutch clogs. Petanque. Strip chess!

Stories from the letter censors – do they have favourite writers or get invested in people they'll never know?

Waiting for a parcel or a letter and being grumpy, a.k.a. just another day at Colditz.

Worldbuilding/Any character from Dick Player, Franz Ulmann, Horst Mohn, Simon Carter.
No DNWs. Any mood, any rating, any writing style.

Letter: http://count-nickula.dreamwidth.org/7637.html


Request 2 by Tish
Drop the Dead Donkey 
Helen Cooper (Drop the Dead Donkey), Joy Merryweather

Has Helen ever cut loose and done something wild? What expectations did she have coming into the Gus Hedges Patented Bollocks News Machine Team at Globe Link?

We saw a few hints of the young woman inside that armour of snark that is Joy, what's she been through? Post-canon, did she continue her trolling of the art world? 

Globe Link News in the present day timeline, or maybe the characters 20 years later.

A haunted teleprompter.

A cat burglar in the building.

No DNWs. Any mood, any rating, any writing style.

Letter: http://count-nickula.dreamwidth.org/7637.html


Request 3 by Tish
Fake News FPF 
\"Stephen Colbert\" (Fake News FPF)

Post-immortality adventures in the realm of eternity, or that little cabin in the woods. (Bears optional).

An afternoon behind the scenes – chaos, shouting, sexy things going in under the desk?

Lord of the Rings AU – certain doom in Middle Fake News Earth or unexpected victory?

A quiet shared moment turned upside down in a moment.

No DNWs. Any mood, any rating, any writing style.

Letter: http://count-nickula.dreamwidth.org/7637.html


Request 4 by Tish
Sapphire and Steel 

A handful of gemstones are so pretty to look at, but is there something malevolent hidden?

A lighthouse in a storm. There's always something nasty that happens next. A clichéd storytelling device, but is there a very good reason for that trope?

A crypt, a whispering wall, a deep deep well.

Worldbuilding/Any character from Lead, Sapphire, Silver, Steel
No DNWs. Any mood, any rating, any writing style.

Letter: http://count-nickula.dreamwidth.org/7637.html


Request 5 by Tish
Strangers With Candy 

A lab experiment goes wrong!

Hey, let's party in that old graveyard, it's not like there's anyone hanging around, is there?

Clowns in the loose!

Worldbuilding/Any character from Chuck Noblet, Geoffrey Jellineck, Jerri Blank, Onyx Blackman
No DNWs. Any mood, any rating, any writing style.

Letter: http://count-nickula.dreamwidth.org/7637.html


Request 6 by Tish
Violent Playground (1958) 

Life growing up on the crowded, noisy housing estate.

What hopes and dreams did Alexander and Primrose have to escape? 

How did Johnnie get so far into that mess? 

What's Slick's background?

Pre- or post canon events.

Worldbuilding/Any character from Alexander, Johnnie Murphy, Primrose, Slick
No DNWs. Any mood, any rating, any writing style.

Letter: http://count-nickula.dreamwidth.org/7637.html


***

Request 1 by tjs_whatnot
Dead Poets Society (1989) 
Todd Anderson, Knox Overstreet, John Keating, Neil Perry (Dead Poets Society)
Letter: http://tjs-whatnot.dreamwidth.org/227181.html


Request 2 by tjs_whatnot
Hart of Dixie 
Zoe Hart, Wade Kinsella, Annabeth Nass, Lavon Hayes
Letter: http://tjs-whatnot.dreamwidth.org/227181.html


Request 3 by tjs_whatnot
Northern Exposure 
Joel Fleischman, Marilyn Whirlwind, Roslyn (Northern Exposure), Cicely (Northern Exposure)
Letter: http://tjs-whatnot.dreamwidth.org/227181.html


Request 4 by tjs_whatnot
Philadelphia Story (1940) 
C.K. Dexter Haven, Macaulay Connor, Tracy Lord
Letter: http://tjs-whatnot.dreamwidth.org/227181.html


Request 5 by tjs_whatnot
The Sparrow - Mary Doria Russell 
Emilio Sandoz, D.W. Yarbrough, Sofia Mendes, Anne Edwards
Letter: http://tjs-whatnot.dreamwidth.org/227181.html


Request 6 by tjs_whatnot
The West Wing Weekly (Podcast) 
Joshua Malina (West Wing Weekly Podcast), Hrishikesh Hirway (West Wing Weekly Podcast), Bradley Whitford (West Wing Weekly Podcast)
Letter: http://tjs-whatnot.dreamwidth.org/227181.html


***

Request 1 by tockae (CloudedCreation)
The Shannara Chronicles (TV) 
Amberle Elessedil (Shannara TV), Ander Elessedil (Shannara TV), Allanon (Shannara TV)

It's OK if the story is just Amberle+Ander or Amberle+Allanon, all three is not required.

Do not want: non-con, internalised misogyny, scat, watersports, other hard kinks, love triangles.

Please read the Author Letter for prompts and more information! :)

Letter: http://tockaeyuletide.livejournal.com/337.html


Request 2 by tockae (CloudedCreation)
Takers (2010) 
John Rahway, Gordon Cozier

Do not want: non-con, racism, internalised homophobia, scat, watersports, other hard kinks, love triangles.

Please read the Author Letter for prompts and more information! :)

Letter: http://tockaeyuletide.livejournal.com/337.html


Request 3 by tockae (CloudedCreation)
10 Cloverfield Lane (2016) 
Michelle (10 Cloverfield Lane), Emmett DeWitt, Howard Stambler

It's OK if not all characters are included!

Do not want: non-con, internalised misogyny, scat, watersports, other hard kinks, gore, Howard apologism :P

&nbsp;

Please read the Author Letter for prompts and more information! :)

Letter: http://tockaeyuletide.livejournal.com/337.html


***

Request 1 by Toe
Wilde Life (Webcomic) 

It'd be cool to see Oscar and Sylvia coming up with nice surprises for each other, Cliff being brotherly, or Cliff/Camellia with high school cliches-- at a dance, maybe. tbh I love every Wilde Life character and there aren't any topics I'd have you avoid, so you really can't go wrong.


Request 2 by Toe
Zero Escape (Video Games) 

I'd love to see a comedy set in an inventive AU, or in a college au which maybe isn't inventive but it's still some good shit with zero escape characters. My fave ship is C team and i don't much care for Sigma/Diana.


Request 3 by Toe
Мор. Утопия | Pathologic 

pathologic is often beautiful and somber, so i'd love to see some wacky crack/comedy just for contrast, but i do have a weak spot for poetic angst. some prompts that i think would be delightful:
-Clara sprung from the earth not to cure the diseased town, but to fulfill her destiny of becoming santa claus or taylor swift or smth
-Bachelor/Haruspex drinking game
-Someone slights one of the Stamatin twins and they pull a prank in revenge
-Eva being happy


***

Request 1 by Toft
The Mrs Bradley Mysteries 
Adela Bradley, George Moody

I AM SO INTO GEORGE/ADELA. I SHIP THEM LIKE BURNING. If you want to go all out and write a sexy kink story - 100% BEHIND THAT. George is SO CLEARLY INTO being Adela's to show off, order around, and enjoy in whatever way she wants. I'd also love casefic where Adela solves crime being a fabulous and enlightened older lady with a great deal of knowledge of the world who wears amazing clothes. I really like her dynamic with George in the show, the way they care about each other and tease each other. So if you don't want to write something sexy, I would love something about their flirty dynamic. Maybe where George gets into danger to help Adela solve a case and she saves him? Competently and sexily? Also, um, if you wanted to write an In Space AU I would... be into that.
DNWs: pregnancy, childbirth. Please see my Yuletide letter for more details!

Letter: http://toft.dreamwidth.org/786956.html#cutid1


Request 2 by Toft
Hidden Figures (2016) 
Dorothy Vaughan (Hidden Figures), Mary Jackson (Hidden Figures), Katherine Johnson (Hidden Figures)

I requested the characters I'm interested in but please don't feel they all have to appear in your story if you prefer to focus on just one or two of them. I am primarily interested in the women and their relationships with each other here, either as a friendship group, or shippy pairings or OT3. I loved in the film how they support each other, how they have fun and are also all so deeply committed to what they do and love it so much. I'd love something maybe about how they all met, and about their feelings about math/science/engineering. I'm particularly interested in Dorothy Vaughan and her computer skills, and the scene where she talks to the computer. I'd super super love a gen story that focuses on her learning FORTRAN and training her team in it. Or a story about her from the computer's POV! I will say that I'm not really interested in any of the NASA men and would prefer if they aren't major characters in the fic.
DNWs: pregnancy, childbirth. Please see my Yuletide letter for more details!

Letter: http://toft.dreamwidth.org/786956.html#cutid1


Request 3 by Toft
Spin Trilogy - Chris Moriarty 
Catherine Li, Hyacinthe Cohen

What I really love about this series is how it thinks complicatedly about the human/technology interface, the impact of technology on communities and individual identities. I found the third book a little metaphysical; I like the push-pull between Li and Hyacinthe in the first two books where they're fascinated and frustrated by each other and Catherine is so conflicted about her own cyborgness. I'd love something that gets more into the worldbuilding around tech/AI politics, or focused on these two, their relationships prior to and during the first two books, and/or something about the tech in her brain and its effects on her ability to relate to him, his relationships with the humans whose bodies he rents to inhabit, her feelings about that... I feel like there's a lot of scope to get into something kinky or explicit here. I'm more invested in Li and her story than I am in the Li/Hyacinthe relationship, so if you wanted to write something focused on Li, I'd love that too.
DNWs: pregnancy, childbirth. Please see my Yuletide letter for more details!

Letter: http://toft.dreamwidth.org/786956.html#cutid1


Request 4 by Toft
Imperial Radch Series - Ann Leckie 
Mercy of Kalr, Kalr Five | Ettan, Justice of Toren One Esk Nineteen | Breq

I included all the characters I'm interested in, but please don't feel you have to include them all in the story, since they don't necessarily often appear together. Things I love about this series: the political scheming, the worldbuilding, the relationships between AIs and humans and AIs with each other, the various tech/human interactions that mess with identity and bodies (particularly with Anaander Mianaai and Breq), the obsession with tea and etiquette. I really ship Breq/Mercy of Kalr, in whatever sense 'ship' might mean for them (um, I just realized that's a pun, but I mean, like, whether you see it as sexual, romantic, platonic love, romantic friendship, etc), and I'd love a fic that develops their relationship in whatever direction you think it might go, with or without the involvement of Seivarden. I also really love Kalr Five and I want them to have all the nice teasets, and the dynamic of service and care Kalr has with Breq. If you wanted to write a Five Times Kalr Five Made Tea For Breq story, I would love that.
DNWs: pregnancy, childbirth. Please see my Yuletide letter for more details!

Letter: http://toft.dreamwidth.org/786956.html#cutid1


***

Request 1 by tommygirl
Battleship (2012) 
Stone Hopper (Battleship), Alex Hopper (Battleship)
Letter: http://tommygirl.dreamwidth.org/501481.html


Request 2 by tommygirl
Veritas: The Quest 
Nikko Zond, Calvin Banks, Solomon Zond
Letter: http://tommygirl.dreamwidth.org/501481.html


Request 3 by tommygirl
What's Your Number? (2011) 
Colin Shea, Ally Darling
Letter: http://tommygirl.dreamwidth.org/501481.html


Request 4 by tommygirl
Gifted (2017) 
Frank Adler, Mary Adler, Evelyn Adler
Letter: http://tommygirl.dreamwidth.org/501481.html


Request 5 by tommygirl
The Outsiders (1983) 
Sodapop Curtis (The Outsiders (1983)), Ponyboy Curtis (The Outsiders (1983)), Darrel Curtis (The Outsiders (1983))
Letter: http://tommygirl.dreamwidth.org/501481.html


Request 6 by tommygirl
The Accountant (2016) 
Christian Wolff, Braxton (The Accountant)
Letter: http://tommygirl.dreamwidth.org/501481.html


***

Request 1 by tom_bedlam
Blood-Smoke Series - Tanya Huff 
Lee Nicholas (Blood-Smoke), Tony Foster (Blood-Smoke Series - Tanya Huff)

Lee/Tony fluff.  I would love to see fic exploring how their relationship is affected by/they deal with societal homophobia, Tony's past (the non-supernatural parts), Lee's backstory or family (whatever it may be), and/or how much Lee worries about Tony's magic affecting his health.  Lee POV or Zev POV would be amazing.  (I know Zev isn't in the tagset, but Zev is great!)


Request 2 by tom_bedlam
Hurog - Patricia Briggs 
Oreg (Hurog)

I would love something Oreg-centric, possibly thinking about other characters in canon (I feel like we get more of their reactions to him, than his to them).  Futurefic or alternate POV for canon would be great.  I don't mind canon ships or OT3 (Ward/Tisala/Oreg), but gen is fine too.  I believe strongly happy endings.  Angst with a happy ending is even better, especially characters realizing they're loved when they didn't think they were.


Request 3 by tom_bedlam
The Course of Honour - Avoliot 
Kiem Tegnar, Jainan nav Adessari

Kiem/Jainan fluff, naturally!  In particular, it would be so great to have someone tell Kiem (specifically) how great they think he is and point out this is WAY ABOVE AND BEYOND \"being a decent human being\" like he seems to think he is.  I love the idea of Jainan getting all up in someone's face because they called Kiem dumb or mean or something, and Kiem being all, \"you're sweet, but it's not like they're wrong???\" and Jainan (and/or Bel) having a giant meltdown about how fabulous Kiem is.

Alternately, anything involving Kiem and household interacting with Kiem's mother would be amazing.  Or Kiem's mother and the Emperor discussing Kiem and Jainan's relationship.


***

Request 1 by tonepoem
Corruption of Champions 
Male Champion (Corruption of Champions), Tentacle Beast (Corruption of Champions)

Anything that goes in canon is fine here, so don't feel you need to hold back. ;) I'd love to see Male Champion/Tentacle Beast smut, whether that means the Tentacle Beast forcibly pleasuring the Male Champion, or the Male Champion succumbing to the Tentacle Beast's prowess. Transforming the Male Champion into a Tentacle Beast (overindulgence?) could also be a fun way to go.  Or for a fun reversal, what about a Tentacle Beast that purifies itself into a Male Champion? One of the things I enjoy the most about this game is the sheer variety of ways that the Champion can get corrupted, so have at it.

DNW: Major character death.

Letter: http://tonepoem.dreamwidth.org/1983.html


Request 2 by tonepoem
Chess (Board Game) 
Pawn (Chess), Queen (Chess)

I'd love to see a scenario that takes advantage of the Queen's power as a piece as well as the Pawn's potential for social mobility, or else even goes to the bodyswap or body transformation place with the Pawn (with or without sex/gender change, your pick). If you have worldbuilding about how the eternal war between White and Black came to pass, or you want to geek out about chess rules and variants, I'd love that. Alternately, I'd love seeing power-plays in smut for this fandom. Pawn/Queen or Queen seducing Pawn or Pawn-becomes-Queen then seduces some other piece, I'm not picky.

DNW: Major character death.

Letter: http://tonepoem.dreamwidth.org/1983.html


Request 3 by tonepoem
Dungeons & Dragons (Roleplaying Game) 

Whether you're in this one for worldbuilding, or recounting critical hits (or critical fumbles), or griping about calculating THAC0, I'm there. If you have a favorite tavern or setting from one of your own homebrew campaigns, tell me about it! Mage schools where the experiments go horribly wrong? The bitter arguments between a Linear Fighter and a Quadratic Mage? Parodies of well-known D&amp;D characters? Most harrowing fights against monsters out of the Monstrous Manual? Metafiction about people playing D&amp;D or running D&amp;D? I'm here for it all.

DNW: Major character death.

Letter: http://tonepoem.dreamwidth.org/1983.html


***

Request 1 by toomanysecrets
iZombie (TV) 
Liv Moore (iZombie TV), Ravi Chakrabarti (iZombie TV)
Letter: http://toomanysecrets1.livejournal.com/831.html


Request 2 by toomanysecrets
Call the Midwife 
Letter: http://toomanysecrets1.livejournal.com/831.html


Request 3 by toomanysecrets
The Bletchley Circle 
Letter: http://toomanysecrets1.livejournal.com/831.html


***

Request 1 by tooth_and_claw
The Arcana (Visual Novel) 
Julian Devorak, Asra (The Arcana)

Oh, they were so obviously in a relationship, and I def. want to see that-- but as the background fabric to a story that explores a bit more of the Arcana world and the city itself. Help me feel like this beautiful place is a living, breathing world.


Request 2 by tooth_and_claw
Call the Midwife 
Patsy Mount

When does Patsy first realize her predilections? Who is her first crush? Bonus for non-UK location, 1960s era used as a framing device. DNW Tragic Lesbians, please.


Request 3 by tooth_and_claw
Elfquest 

. . . I'm a heathen who is . . . not really a fan of much Elfquest past KotBW. I don't mind the general direction of the story with the Djun, the Citadel, Ember's tribe, etc, but especially the Final Quest is not really doing it for me. I'd really love to see something a little less, um, new-agey? Maybe something with the elves deciding that the world of Two Moons really is their home, and that it's become a fabric of who they are, instead of leaving in the palace. Also, I'd love it if the magic was turned down just a notch, back to where it was in those first two series. Shapeshifting with little effort, talking freely with the dead, the palace a flawless deus ex-machina . . . yeah, not really doing it for me.

That was pretty negative. Basically, I want to see the elves being a *part* of the world, not magical beings who don't belong there, in a realistic and less touchy-feely way.


Request 4 by tooth_and_claw
Maleficent (2014) 
Diaval (Disney 2014), Maleficent (Disney 2014)

Diaval/Maleficent fall in love. SImple, done to death, don't care. Bonus if there's a Princess Bride-style \"As You Wish\" dynamic. DNW unrequited pining, hardcore porn. Hurt/comfort is always a yes.


Request 5 by tooth_and_claw
Mysterium (Board Game) 

Give me the scenario of the board game as a short story. I'm so fascinated by the characters, the set up, the dreams-- all of it.


***

Request 1 by Topaz_Eyes
X Company (TV) 

General DNWs:  I do not want any misogyny, character, or ship bashing.  Please, no crossovers with other fandoms unless otherwise stated.  Also DNW: scat, watersports, a/b/o, mpreg, gore.

Fic with any of the characters in the tag set would be very much appreciated!  Given the nature of this show, deathfic is fine, as is violence and torture within the setting of the show, as long as the characters stay predominant.  You do not need to use all the characters.  Please see my letter for more details!

Letter: http://topaz-eyes.dreamwidth.org/441559.html


Request 2 by Topaz_Eyes
Evening Primrose (Radio Play) 

General DNWs:  I do not want any misogyny, character, or ship bashing.  Please, no crossovers with other fandoms unless otherwise stated.  Also DNW: scat, watersports, a/b/o, mpreg, gore.

Please see my letter for more details!

Letter: http://topaz-eyes.dreamwidth.org/441559.html


Request 3 by Topaz_Eyes
Star Trek: Discovery 
Silvia Tilly (Star Trek: Discovery), Philippa Georgiou (Star Trek: Discovery), Michael Burnham (Star Trek: Discovery), Gabriel Lorca (Star Trek: Discovery)

General DNWs:  I do not want any misogyny, character, or ship bashing.  Please, no crossovers with other fandoms unless otherwise stated.  Also DNW: scat, watersports, a/b/o, mpreg, gore.

You do not need to include all of these characters!  These are simply the characters for whom I would love a fic.  Please see my letter for more details!

Letter: http://topaz-eyes.dreamwidth.org/441559.html


Request 4 by Topaz_Eyes
The Handmaid's Tale (TV) 

General DNWs:  I do not want any misogyny, character, or ship bashing.  Please, no crossovers with other fandoms unless otherwise stated.  Also DNW: scat, watersports, a/b/o, mpreg, gore.

I would love fic about any of the characters.  You do not need to use all the characters listed!  Please see my letter for more details!

Letter: http://topaz-eyes.dreamwidth.org/441559.html


Request 5 by Topaz_Eyes
He-Man and Skeletor Feel EPIC (MoneySuperMarket Commercial) 

General DNWs:  I do not want any misogyny, character, or ship bashing.  Please, no crossovers with other fandoms unless otherwise stated.  Also DNW: scat, watersports, a/b/o, mpreg, gore.

Please see my letter for more details!

Letter: http://topaz-eyes.dreamwidth.org/441559.html


***

Request 1 by torakowalski
At Swim Two Boys - Jamie O'Neill 
Jim Mack, Anthony MacMurrough
Letter: http://torakowalski.dreamwidth.org/331604.html


Request 2 by torakowalski
The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue Series - Mackenzi Lee 
Henry \"Monty\" Montague, Percy Newton
Letter: http://torakowalski.dreamwidth.org/331604.html


Request 3 by torakowalski
Know Not Why - Hannah Johnson 
Arthur Kraft Jr., Howard \"Howie\" Jenkins
Letter: http://torakowalski.dreamwidth.org/331604.html


Request 4 by torakowalski
Prosperity Series - Alexis Hall 
Byron Kae (Prosperity Series), Piccadilly (Prosperity Series)
Letter: http://torakowalski.dreamwidth.org/331604.html


Request 5 by torakowalski
Society of Gentlemen - K. J. Charles 
Francis Webster, Gabriel Ashleigh
Letter: http://torakowalski.dreamwidth.org/331604.html


***

Request 1 by torigates
Bend or Break Series - Amy Jo Cousins 
Stephany Tyler, Charles \"Cash\" Carmichael

I can't believe this series teased pegging as much as it did and then <i>never delivered on screen</i>. I feel incredibly cheated and betrayed, honestly. 

I'm also really into the idea of Cash and Steph having a standing booty type arrangement with Varun whenever they're in the same place, so if you wanted to explore that dynamic, whether it be purely friends with benefits, to something merging more on poly, I'm totally down for that! 

If neither of these options strike you, or are too explicit, by all means anything with them just being domestic and happy together would be a wonderful start to my Christmas as well :)

Letter: http://torigates.dreamwidth.org/120478.html


Request 2 by torigates
In a Heartbeat (Short Film) 
Jonathan (In a Heartbeat), Sherwin (In a Heartbeat)

This short is so cute! I was immediately in love. 

I feel like the great thing about this short (aside from how adorable it is), is how wide open it is for writing. I don't particularly have specific prompts for this source material. Want to do something with the worldbuilding? With Jonathan and Sherwin as kids, or down the road? Go for it! 

I'd be interesting in seeing anything that expands on this adorable story, really. Does everyone's heart run away from them from time to time? Is this a world were people literally wear the hearts on their sleeves? Do Jonathan and Sherwin get along once they get to know each other or is their relationship more rocky? You tell me!

Letter: http://torigates.dreamwidth.org/120478.html


Request 3 by torigates
You Could Make a Life Series - Taylor Fitzpatrick 
Jake Lourdes (You Could Make a Life), David Chapman (You Could Make a Life)

I love these two so much, I will be absolutely thrilled to get anything for them. If you want to do something as a deleted scene or look to their future, either way I AM DOWN. My only ask if that if you do something in the timeline that it's not too angsty, because I am a delicate, delicate flower (like David).

Letter: http://torigates.dreamwidth.org/120478.html


Request 4 by torigates
Long Exposure (Webcomic) 
Jonas Wagner, Mitch Mueller

There's not a whole lot of canon for these two yet, but I'm already super enamoured with them. So pretty much anything you want to do from G rated (just hanging out and getting to know each other!) to explicit I'm super down with it. 

(If, uh, you do want to go the explicit route, these two are PERFECT candidates for just the tip fic, I am SAYING.)

Letter: http://torigates.dreamwidth.org/120478.html


***

Request 1 by tormalyne
Granblue Fantasy (Video Game) 
Cain (Granblue Fantasy), Reinhardtzar (Granblue Fantasy)
Letter: http://redskies.dreamwidth.org/1833.html


Request 2 by tormalyne
ツキウタ。 | Tsukiuta. 
Mutsuki Hajime, Shimotsuki Shun
Letter: http://redskies.dreamwidth.org/1833.html


Request 3 by tormalyne
Bravely Second (Video Game) 
Janne Angard (Bravely Second), Yew Geneolgia (Bravely Second)

Hi, Yuletide writer! I've got more info in my letter, but just an upfront, I like happy endings - angst that leads to a happy ending is great, but especially with these characters, I'd rather not receive a story that has a downer, or even a bittersweet end. Along those lines, I'm not interested in character death (beyond what's happened in canon) and I'd rather see a focus on reconciliation than betrayal. Thanks!

Letter: http://redskies.dreamwidth.org/1833.html


***

Request 1 by tosca1390
Bridgerton Series - Julia Quinn 
Anthony Bridgerton, Kate Sheffield, Hyacinth Bridgerton, Gareth St. Clair

DNW: non-con, misogyny, character bashing, cheating tropes, love triangles, extreme violence, violence against women

Letter: http://tosca1390.dreamwidth.org/297020.html


Request 2 by tosca1390
Carsington Brothers Series - Loretta Chase 
Daphne Pembroke, Rupert Carsington

DNW: non-con, misogyny, character bashing, cheating tropes, love triangles, extreme violence, violence against women

Letter: http://tosca1390.dreamwidth.org/297020.html


Request 3 by tosca1390
Hidden Legacy Series - Ilona Andrews 
Nevada Baylor, Connor \"Mad\" Rogan

DNW: non-con, misogyny, character bashing, cheating tropes, love triangles, extreme violence, violence against women

Letter: http://tosca1390.dreamwidth.org/297020.html


Request 4 by tosca1390
Dare Island Series - Virginia Kantra 
Matt Fletcher (Dare Island Series), Alison Carter (Dare Island Series)

DNW: non-con, misogyny, character bashing, cheating tropes, love triangles, extreme violence, violence against women

Letter: http://tosca1390.dreamwidth.org/297020.html


Request 5 by tosca1390
Spindle Cove Series - Tessa Dare 
Minerva Highwood, Colin Sandhurst

DNW: non-con, misogyny, character bashing, cheating tropes, love triangles, extreme violence, violence against women

Letter: http://tosca1390.dreamwidth.org/297020.html


***

Request 1 by tptigger
Dark Matter (TV) 
Five | Das, Four | Ryo Tetsuda

Do not wants: Ship fic between these two (or Five and any of the adults for that matter) - the age difference squicks me even if Five's 18. (Also please no graphic sex or violence more graphic than the show.), aus into a different setting (canon divergence ok)

I adore these two's friendship- they're a BroTP. (Followed very closely by Five &amp; Six and Five &amp;...) I'd really love to see some of their training (Five got really good pretty quickly!) Or caper fic (Five saves the day please) or maybe Five experiences more of Ryo's memories and tells Four about them. (If it's not obvious, I'd prefer fic set before the coda of \"I Wish I'd have Spaced You...\" - ie Four, not Ryo. :)

Letter: http://tptigger.dreamwidth.org/712651.html


Request 2 by tptigger
The Tomorrow People (2013) 
John Young, Charlotte Taylor

Do not wants: ship fic (because age difference squick), please no graphic sex or violence more graphic than the show.

Possible prompt: After the show (in a canon divergent AU where John isn't robo!Jedikiah!Ultra!Agent dude), Charlotte has to go back to school, and John's down as her father or guardian.

Alternately, Charlotte and the others have to snap John out of Robo!Jedikiah mode (ie give him his memories and possibly his powers back. Blanket permission for Deux Ex Irene for powers restoration, but Optional Details are Optional and I didn't request her, so you're welcome to do so a completely different way. ;)

Letter: http://tptigger.dreamwidth.org/712651.html


Request 3 by tptigger
The Tomorrow People (1973) 
Elizabeth M'Bondo (Tomorrow People 1973), Andrew Forbes (Tomorrow People 1973)

Do not wants: Ship fic, graphic violence, sex at all, this is the fandom I've loved since age 4. If you can't put it on Nickelodeon during the day, please don't put it in your story.

Case fic. Andrew and Liz are undercover at a school where a number of the pupils have been going missing. (Honestly, anything G rated starring these two would be awesome, but friendship fic please. Or big sister little brother fic works too ;)

Letter: http://tptigger.dreamwidth.org/712651.html


Request 4 by tptigger
The Tomorrow People (1992) 
Jade Weston (Tomorrow People (1992))

DNW: Ship fic, graphic violence, graphic sex- again, if you can't put it on Nickelodeon, please don't put it in your story.

Jade spent most of The Living Stones being a TP fangirl. Now's she's a TP, and yet she's still not omniscient and, worse, Ami, Megabyte, and Adam are only human! This can be retrospection fic or she can deal with this on case fic. I'm totally happy with either!

Letter: http://tptigger.dreamwidth.org/712651.html


Request 5 by tptigger
The Good Place (TV) 
Eleanor Shellstrop, Chidi Anagonye, Tahani Al-Jamil, Jianyu Li | Jason Mendoza

DNW: graphic sex, graphic violence, a story that focuses more on romance than plot

I'm mad we didn't get to see more of the other resets and would love to see one or two in more detail. Please include Eleanor, but feel free leave out one or two of the others. I'm especially curious about the round where Eleanor and Tahani were soulmates (if you go this route, I don't mind it getting shippy as long as it could air on network TV)    , or the round where Jason figured it out. And well, cows? Or feel free to make up one we didn't see- maybe Chidi or Tahani figured it out once?

Letter: http://tptigger.dreamwidth.org/712651.html


Request 6 by tptigger
Young Wizards - Diane Duane 
Kit Rodriguez, Dairine Callahan

DNW: graphic sex, violence, ship fic
These two never interact, I'd love to see them go on Errantry together. Preferably some tricky bit of spell work that requires their particular talents. Just please don't have them plotting with regard to something for/against Nita. I'd like to see them relate to each other as individuals, not as Nita's sister &amp; boyfriend.

Letter: http://tptigger.dreamwidth.org/712651.html


***

Request 1 by Traincat
Fantastic Four (Comicverse) 
Johnny Storm (Comicverse), Peter Parker (Comicverse)

Do Not Want: permanent major character death (I’m fine with canon character deaths, such in FF 2015), character bashing, infidelity, harm to animals. 

Some prompts (these trend towards shippy, but I'm also happy to receive friendship fic):

They have so much history! They've literally known each other their entire careers! A game I like to play is to pick any point in their shared canon and reimagine it if they were in a relationship at that time. What changes? What stays the same? (For example, what does Fraction's Fantastic Four run look like if Peter's along for the ride?)

I am very weak for the fact that Johnny has the world's best track record when it comes to calming Peter's deep well of rage and making him back off before he goes too far. What is it specifically about Johnny that he's able to get through to Peter so easily?

How does Johnny’s celebrity and Peter’s dual identity play into how the public views their friendship? Into a relationship? Johnny loves public attention and defines himself by it, perhaps to his own detriment – Peter has a mixed relationship with the press. Is Spider-Man ever accused of dragging the Human Torch into shady business? Tarnishing his reputation? Do they get snapped by tourists at Lady Liberty? Do people wonder just how Johnny became friends with Spider-Man and/or Peter Parker?

Related, is there Spider-Man/Human Torch RPF in-universe? Are there shippers, a tumblr community, etc? Ship wars over Spider-Man/Human Torch vs Peter Parker/Human Torch? Do they know about it?

The recent Peter Parker: The Spectacular Spider-Man #1 sees them hanging out together on rooftops, eating lunch, and apparently having regular movie nights. I'm not going to lie: I would read a thousand fics of them arguing about takeout and movies. 

I'm totally down with porn and would feel remiss not pointing out that 1) Peter's canonically used webbing in the bedroom, 2) Johnny really seems to dig the idea of \"Peter Parker in charge\", and 3) Peter \"loves\" when Johnny \"does what he says.\" (Thanks, Zdarsky.)

See my letter for more!

Letter: http://traincat.dreamwidth.org/395257.html


Request 2 by Traincat
Fantastic Four (2015) 
Johnny Storm (Fantastic Four 2015), Sue Storm (Fantastic Four 2015)

Do Not Want: permanent major character death (I’m fine with canon character deaths, such in FF 2015), character bashing, infidelity, harm to animals. I don't want incest between adopted siblings for Fantastic Four (2015). 

Some prompts: 

I'd love something exploring Johnny's absence from Baxter at the beginning of the movie, and how he and Sue haven't (or have) been talking, or a peek into their childhoods. Before Baxter? At Baxter? Their respective relationship with their father?

Johnny and Sue have very different relationships with their powers -- Sue calls them \"abnormal\" and wants to get rid of them, while Johnny's embraced them (perhaps a little too much -- he seems naively trusting of his military handlers). I'd love to see that reversed. A moment where Sue really gets to revel in what she can do, or when Johnny's frightened of his own (inherently destructive) abilities. One thing I love about the Storm siblings in 616 is that Sue's learned to take a defensive power and turn it into a weapon, whereas Johnny's control over heat is so finely pinpointed that he can soothe burns. I'd love to see these Storms set out on that kind of journey with their powers.

One thing Johnny and Sue seem to have in common in music; Sue states that she needs it to help her focus, while Johnny's listening to Motown (specifically, Standing in the Shadows of Love by the Four Tops) in the car in his introductory scene. I'd love fic exploring what music means to both of them, how it brings them together or keeps them apart, or even the Storms at karaoke night.

I love Johnny's cut line from the trailers: \"We should use these powers to help people.\" Once they're released from the military's hold, what does he do with his powers? It's hard to envision this version of Johnny in a sterile lab space for very long -- although notably, another cut scene has him claiming lab space and saying he needs \"a big ass sun roof.\" What does he want the team to do with their powers? What's Sue's point of view on the newly formed Fantastic Four and her ideas for what their goals should be? She seems more comfortable with her powers at the end, but is she?

Johnny and Sue's mother is entirely absent from the movie, but considering Fantastic Four (2015) is heavily based on Ultimate Marvel, and Ultimate Mary Storm abandoned her family for Very Serious Science, I would totally be down for fic (ridiculous or serious) where she learns of their abilities and reenters their lives in order to gain their help in her quest to find the lost kingdom of Atlantis. Just throwing that out there.

See my letter for more!

Letter: http://traincat.dreamwidth.org/395257.html


Request 3 by Traincat
Marvel Noir 
Peter Parker (Marvel Noir), Felicia Hardy (Marvel Noir), May Parker (Marvel Noir), Mary Jane Watson (Marvel Noir)

Do Not Want: permanent major character death (I’m fine with canon character deaths, such in FF 2015), character bashing, infidelity, harm to animals. 

Some prompts:

One of my favorite things that you can do with a multiverse is examine how shifting one little thing changes a character. For example, with Marvel Noir's Peter, Uncle Ben was murdered before Peter was bitten by the spider, and he wasn't killed by a gun. In reaction, this Peter carries and uses guns, and also may not have as much of a problem with the whole killing thing. (He certainly didn't seem to feel any great remorse or guilt after he killed the Vulture.) I'm interested in an exploration of this Peter and how he feels about violence -- he seems sickened by it when it's inflicted by other people, possibly because of how Ben died? But at the same time, with the timing of the bite and Ben's murder, his sense of responsibility over Ben's death is at least lessened, if not nonexistent: this is not a thing that happened because of him. IMHO Peter's almost crushing sense of responsibility is what keeps him, a man with the ability to crush steel with his bare hands, in check. What then keeps Noir Peter in check? What does he consider to be the hard limit? (I am, it should note, more than down with stories wherein Peter is brutal in his pursuit of justice.)

I'm always a sucker for stories where May finds out Peter's Spider-Man, or scenarios where she's suspected or even known all along. A look at May and Peter in the wake of the Vulture's death would be amazing. I always sort of read Peter as gravitating towards people who have stronger moral centers than him -- people who innately possess the kind of goodness that he has to strive for. This May is moral, perhaps, to a flaw.  How does that balance out between them in the quiet moments?

I love this scene from Spider-Man Noir: Eyes Without a Face, especially the panel of Peter and Felicia's feet and the cats. I am 100% down with Peter/Felicia PWP or even Peter and Felicia shop talking in bed while cats climb on top of Peter's head and chew on his hair or try to bat him in the eye. Similarly, I'm interested in Peter and Felicia's attachment to each other despite their different viewpoints -- and despite Peter wanting more than Felicia can give him.

Anything about Felicia after Eyes Without a Face would be amazing, or anything that takes place in the gap between Spider-Man Noir and Spider-Man Noir: Eyes Without a Face. 

We don't know a whole lot about this Mary Jane, who seems more subdued than her 616 counterpart. I'd love something from her point of view, or just more about her. Additionally, I'm always a sucker for PeterMJ, so I'm more than happy to get shipfic. In 616, Mary Jane knew the whole time that Peter was Spider-Man -- could the same be true of their Marvel Noir versions?

Mary Jane/Felicia?? Mary Jane/Peter/Felicia???

This being Marvel Noir, I'd love to see casefic with any one or combination of these characters!

See my letter for more!

Letter: http://traincat.dreamwidth.org/395257.html


Request 4 by Traincat
The Unstoppable Wasp 
Nadia Pym (Unstoppable Wasp)

Do Not Want: permanent major character death (I’m fine with canon character deaths, such in FF 2015), character bashing, infidelity, harm to animals. 

Some prompts:

I'd love something that picks up from the end of the series, exploring where Nadia goes next. I love all of the girls and women in this series, so if you wanted to write more of them, I'd love to see all the girl geniuses together! Alternatively, I'm perfectly happy with a Nadia solo story.

With Marvel Legacy upon us, the theme of legacy seems pretty fitting. Nadia has her father's, and all of the good and the bad that could come with that, and now, by taking Jan's last name, she's adopted hers too. I'd love to read something about what either of those mean to her -- or Nadia forging ahead with a legacy of her own. (Or, really, anything about her decision to ask Jan if she could take her last name instead of Hank's.)

One of my favorite things about the Marvel universe is how deeply rooted in New York it is. It's a real city that exists and for me it just adds a whole other dimension to the Marvel lore that it uses all these real, tangible, modernly mythical places. Nadia hasn't been in the area very long -- I'd love to see her explore it more, either the fictional Marvel spots or the very real landmarks. 

If there's a woman in the Marvel universe you always wanted Nadia to meet but that she hasn't yet, I'd love to read that!

I also love holiday fic, and Nadia's sunny disposition makes her perfect for that!

See my letter for more!

Letter: http://traincat.dreamwidth.org/395257.html


***

Request 1 by Transposable_Element
The Rulers of Hylor - Cherry Wilder 
Aidris am Firn, Sabeth (Rulers of Hylor)

Something about Aidris and Sabeth later in their lives, e.g. as middle-aged women? Or really anything you want to write about any character in this series. See \"dear author\" letter for more details.

Letter: http://transposable-element.dreamwidth.org/35258.html


Request 2 by Transposable_Element
Fly By Night Series - Frances Hardinge 
Laylow (Fly by Night)

I would particularly like a story about Laylow, either before or after the events of <i>Fly Trap/Twilight Robbery</i>. But if you have a great idea for a story about another character or set of characters, that's fine. See \"dear author\" letter for more details.

Letter: http://transposable-element.dreamwidth.org/35258.html


Request 3 by Transposable_Element
The Memoirs of Lady Trent - Marie Brennan 
Tom Wilker

We don't know much about Tom's private life. Hmmm.... See \"dear author\" letter for more details.

Letter: http://transposable-element.dreamwidth.org/35258.html


Request 4 by Transposable_Element
Swordspoint Series - Ellen Kushner 
Alec Campion, Diane Tremontaine, Micah Heslop

I have listed some of my favorite characters, but feel free to write about another character from either <i>Tremontaine</i> or <i>Swordspoint</i>. See \"dear author\" letter for more details.

Letter: http://transposable-element.dreamwidth.org/35258.html


Request 5 by Transposable_Element
I Capture the Castle - Dodie Smith 
Topaz Mortmain (I Capture the Castle - Smith)

What happened the night Everard hit the waiter? Or anything else you want to write about. See \"dear author\" letter for more details.

Letter: http://transposable-element.dreamwidth.org/35258.html


***

Request 1 by Traykor
Magic Kaito 
Hakuba Saguru

In general, I like happy endings (or at least a solved case). I dislike gore, and unmitigated angst. I can't handle good characters committing adultery. Feel free to make cheating a plot point for a case/murder.
Please don't kill any requested character, or other canon main characters. Kill all the minor, side, and OC's you need for a good murder.
I do not like AUs of the sort where settings and all get swapped--if any detective is no longer a detective, I'm no longer interested.
I adore crossovers
Hakuba gets overshadowed in a lot of fic by Hattori and Shinichi, but he's my favorite, so let him be the focus and win any deduction battles should you choose to include any other DC/MK detectives (I'd rather Shinichi not show up at all actually, he gets lots of fic!). I'd love something that more explores the tension he must have being half British and having grown up in England. It seems to get glossed over that there must be things that are culturally odd to him. Even better if his cross cultural knowledge could be key to solving a case. I have no firm OTP for him, and have happily read him with Kaito, Aoko, Akako, Sera, Shinichi, and even Hattori. So ship as you like!
Alternatively, I'd love to see any of the English based detective shows have to deal with the kid!

Letter: http://traykor.dreamwidth.org/163953.html


Request 2 by Traykor
Midsomer Murders (TV) 
Tom Barnaby (Midsomer Murders TV), John Barnaby (Midsomer Murders TV)

In general, I like happy endings (or at least a solved case). I dislike gore, and unmitigated angst. I can't handle good characters committing adultery. Feel free to make cheating a plot point for a case/murder, but not, say, have Tom cheat on Joyce.
Please don't kill any requested character, or other canon main characters. Kill all the minor, side, and OC's you need for a good murder.
I do not like AUs of the sort where settings and all get swapped--if any detective is no longer a detective, I'm no longer interested.
I adore crossovers
My seemingly eternal request, that actually got filled last year! But this fandom is tiny so I'm going to ask for more. Tom and John are an either/or or both as you please--I like them both, but feel free to pick just one if you like. No breaking up Tom and Joyce, or John and Sarah, but other than that I have no ship opinions. I love how unflappable these two are, so a really weird case would be fun.

Letter: http://traykor.dreamwidth.org/163953.html


Request 3 by Traykor
Crossing Lines 
Carl Hickman

In general, I like happy endings (or at least a solved case). I dislike gore, and unmitigated angst. I can't handle good characters committing adultery. Feel free to make cheating a plot point for a case/murder.
Please don't kill any requested character, or other canon main characters. Kill all the minor, side, and OC's you need for a good murder.
I do not like AUs of the sort where settings and all get swapped--if any detective is no longer a detective, I'm no longer interested.
I adore crossovers
Loose ends, we have a few. More than a few. A story tying any of them up would be nice. Is Eva dead? Where is Carl now? Or the others of the old team? Feel free to ignore Louis' death or anyone else's from the main cast, or just give me the actual emotional fall out of the end of season 2 that we didn't get. I have no ship feels for this show, mix and match at will, and include anyone else of the series regulars you like. I like Carl best, but add anyone you like.

Letter: http://traykor.dreamwidth.org/163953.html


***

Request 1 by treewishes
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency (TV 2016) 
Amanda Brotzman, Martin (Dirk Gently)

I love all of this show, and it was really difficult to narrow the character choices just to Amanda and Martin.  What I'm saying is I'm glad you (dear writer!) offered Amanda and Martin, but I'm perfectly fine if they are minor characters in your story.  What I would love to see is the ridiculous interconnectedness of it all, set around anything from Amanda/Rowdy3 to Bart/Dirk/Ken/Todd to supersecret agency shenanigans to Farah/Lydia to current events to Rapunzel/kittenshark ... really, anything you want to write in this wacky world would be terrific.  

Explicit slash/het/poly would be great but not in any way required, and I really love stories that follow “the letter but not the spirit” - meaning something is 100% true to canon, but not in the way the author intended. I have only one squick - please don’t talk about spiders or insects.

Letter: http://www.tumblr.com/edit/166083881825


Request 2 by treewishes
Endeavour (TV) 
Endeavour Morse, Fred Thursday

Endeavour Morse is such a fascinating character, and I'd love to read more about him.  I'm most interested in his relationship with the Thursdays, and keep wondering whether he loves Joan or if it's really Fred (or what about Sam??) and just which opera he sings in his head when he thinks of each of them. Solving a quirky mystery is always appreciated as well.

I have seen only a few episodes of Morse and Lewis, but I do appreciate the interconnectedness of it all. If you want to inspire me to watch those (or specific episodes), have at!

Explicit slash/het would be great but not in any way required. I don't see Thursday incest, but if you do I'm happy to be convinced! I really love stories that follow “the letter but not the spirit” - meaning something is 100% true to canon, but not in the way the author intended. I have only one squick - please don’t talk about spiders or insects.

Letter: http://www.tumblr.com/edit/166083881825


Request 3 by treewishes
iZombie (TV) 
Clive Babineaux (iZombie TV)

I love all of this show, and it was really difficult to narrow the character choices just to Clive.  What I'm saying is I'm glad you (dear writer!) offered the always-underestimated Clive, but I'm perfectly fine if he is a minor character in your story.  What I would love to see is Liv eating an interesting brain - crossover character, fanfic BNF, political lesbian? - and solving a ridiculous crime.

Explicit slash/het/poly would be great but not in any way required, and I really love stories that follow “the letter but not the spirit” - meaning something is 100% true to canon, but not in the way the author intended. I have only one squick - please don’t talk about spiders or insects.

Letter: http://www.tumblr.com/edit/166083881825


***

Request 1 by Tren
Fate/Grand Order 
Saint Martha | Rider (Fate/Grand Order), Female Protagonist (Fate/Grand Order)

I love Martha and her cheerful, yet violent personality. I would love to see more misadventures of hers, as she strives to fulfil her saintly duties to the best of her abilities.

I think what I would like the best would be Martha’s adventure in Okeanos singularity (with the assumption we took her with us when rayshifting). Martha trying to be a paragon of virtue, while at the same time learning all of the pirate jargon within the first night of knowing the Drake’s crew and being a 100% pirate material when she forgets herself would be hilarious. Not to mention she would probably attempt to exorcise the evils within Blackbeard. Violently. Not to mention, her getting extremely offended about attempts to sacrifice a pagan goddess on a holy relic. Or the fact, that she would probably pointedly not accept any of the goddess we interact with as actual goddess (much to Euryale’s dismay).

If you aren’t feeling the pirate vibes, I’m also up for Martha’s interactions with other Servants in Chaldea. I have no real preferences here, so you are free to knock yourself off and use any servant you like (maybe other than Nero, because I’m still traumatized by bad writing in Septem).

Also, I don’t ship Martha with anyone, so please don’t include any romance with her.

Letter: http://tren-fraszka.tumblr.com/post/166012981275/dear-creator


Request 2 by Tren
亜人ちゃんは語りたい | Demi-chan wa Kataritai | Interviews with Monster Girls (Anime) 
Satou Sakie, Takahashi Tetsuo

This series made me ship those two so much you have no idea.

I don’t ask for much. I just want two of them to successfully go out on a date and have a good time. If you feel like it wouldn’t be Demi-chan with no obstacles, you are free to include some meddling high-schoolers and other interruptions, as long as the two of them still manage to have a good time. I’m fine with some kissing and stuff, but would prefer a “fade to black” if you want to take them further.

If you don’t like the two of them as pair, please write them as they usually are in the show. Maybe teaming up to help a student in need, while also learning more about each other. 

Alternatively, you can also completely ignore Takahashi and just give me daily struggles of succubus. Satou forced to navigate social situations that are not demi friendly or some more vignettes of her past (I loved the flashback of high school Satou) would be very welcome.

Letter: http://tren-fraszka.tumblr.com/post/166012981275/dear-creator


Request 3 by Tren
Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth 
Sanada Arata (Cyber Sleuth), Aiba Ami (Cyber Sleuth)

I really enjoyed the protagonist’s interactions with Arata. As such I would love to see more of them. There is a lot of world saving in the game itself so I would prefer some more mundane adventures, like yet another hunt for rare comics or something in this vein. Or maybe some Digimon trouble on a smaller scale, like trying to stop an DemiDevimon from pranking unsuspecting people. I don’t care when the story takes place, so you don’t worry too much about fitting this story within the canon of the game.

I also lowkey ship them, so if you want to make this fic more romantic, go for it. Potential idea, would be a contest for couples, which the two of them enter for whatever reason and then proceed to just bulldoze through it, because they are stupidly in sync when they put their mind to it.

Letter: http://tren-fraszka.tumblr.com/post/166012981275/dear-creator


***

Request 1 by Trialia
Prove Yourself A Hero - K. M. Peyton 
Jonathan Meredith, Peter McNair

Firstly, since we're meant to drop these into the actual form this year, the following are triggers and/or near-triggers for my PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder with anxiety attacks). I haven't included kinks, squicks or general dislikes in this form - those can be found in my letter, as I didn't want to take up *too* much room here.

I'd prefer that you try to avoid most of these, though I know this fandom has a fair bit of what most people would call physical &amp; emotional abuse due to its being a kidnap story, so anything in line with the content level of canon should be fine - I'd prefer a warning if you go that route for this one, though, please. If I have advance notice something will crop up, I can usually cope with it. The following are more or less in order of severity, worst first.

References to weight and diet, specifically including numbers, weight manipulation and/or eating-disordered behaviour.
Gore and/or body horror.
Domestic violence; familial abuse.
Sexual, physical and/or emotional abuse.
Sexual intercourse with dubious or no consent.
Ableism and/or ableist language (\"idiot\" or \"crazy\" are OK, \"moron\", \"nutter\" or anything worse would not be, for a guideline).

-------------------

Now for actual optional details :) 

This isn't quite a 5-minute fandom, but it's not far off - the novella is under 200 pages in length and available via Amazon Marketplace. I don't know if it's available in ebook yet.

I may have had slash goggles on, but I felt that there were an almost startling number of pre-slash hints in this book, especially between Peter and Jonathan, and most of all while Jonathan is missing. So - maybe you could go a little less subtextual? Pretty please? 

Peter knows Jonathan's life is in his hands to a degree, and that must be a pretty heavy burden for a boy in the late teens, especially where someone one cares about is concerned. He clearly knows Jonathan far better than J's parents do, and I get the impression that he probably cares a lot more about him as a person than his family do - his parents often seem to see Jonathan more as a symbol and someone through whom to vicariously live their ambitions on his behalf. 

Hurt/comfort would be welcome if you set this after Jonathan's return, and if you'd like to include Jessica or Melissa, which is entirely your choice, I'm interested in what it might be like if the two of them covered for the boys, since this novella *is* set in the 1970s, post-decriminalisation of homosexuality in the UK, but it still wasn't too widely accepted by then. Why might they agree to do that? What would it take? Jonathan does flirt with Melissa in public in canon - so what would they talk about in private if perhaps he wasn't really as interested as he's letting others see? 

So long as any fill for this prompt focuses on Peter and Jonathan and their interactions, I'm good!

Letter: http://trialia.livejournal.com/626290.html


Request 2 by Trialia
Chalet School - Elinor M. Brent-Dyer 

Please see Request 1 - or my Yuletide letter - for details of my PTSD triggers; thank you. Kinks, squicks etc can also be found in the letter.

I haven't chosen any characters for this one as I have several prompts &amp; some include no canon characters at all. You don't have to include any of the nominated characters unless you want to. I am happy with any of this being explored! :)

Non-Canon Character Prompts:

- I've always wondered how the CS might deal with a student who isn't Christian, whose parent(s)/guardian(s) would rather not see her converted (Mary Lou's treatment of Naomi in the unabridged version makes my blood boil!), or perhaps one who feels they want to convert to another faith while already a student there - pagan, Buddhist, Unitarian or Unitarian Universalist would be my preferred choices there, but anything else you want to explore is fine too.

- Same again, but for a character who maybe needs a long-term mobility aid while still well enough to study, or perhaps one of the students at the Annexe for \"delicate\" children, or someone who wishes to continue studying in spite of chronic health problems of whatever kind, whether explained or unexplained? I don't think we ever saw much dealing with students who were more impaired than acutely or even chronically ill, apart from the aforementioned Naomi, &amp; she was \"fixed\". 

What would it be like for someone with a physical impairment or chronic condition who couldn't be \"fixed\" or magically healed by the San? Especially if they couldn't be sent home or didn't want to be? We've seen the occasional mistress with a migraine, but never a student. I get migraines: started at age 14! They often do hit people with XX biology mid-teens, especially menstrual migraines, but this never seemed to happen to anybody under 18 - that annoyed me so much as a teenager.

- How would the school cope with a student who turned out not to be 100% binary female gender, whether they were genderfluid or wanted to transition?

&nbsp;

Canonical Character Prompts:

- Margot Maynard:

Margot perhaps coming out as lesbian or pansexual (obv not in this language, as pan wasn't common use when Margot left school in 1970-71) rather than a wannabe nun, or perhaps feeling that becoming a nun was an escape from something her parents would have a very hard time accepting. Maybe not all her sibs would feel the same, though - I can't recall any alternate orientation ever being mentioned in canon, even among adults, but male homosexuality was decriminalised in 1967. &amp; her brothers spent a lot of time at school in England, well away from their Catholic family...

How would her triplets respond to something like that? Do you think they'd know? Len has plans to marry a man right out of school, but Con doesn't. Margot... well. Does she know there might be other options for her than shutting herself away from the world? (I'm not demeaning the religious route, but I never felt it worked for Margot based on her previous character.) 

Or does she perhaps have a mental health condition whereby she genuinely hallucinates her \"devil\", that her parents &amp; most of the generally physical-illness-focused medical staff at the San might not recognise? It seemed to me they made so many assumptions about Margot's devil, right from the start, &amp; locked themselves into that one possibility. What if it wasn't what they thought?

What happened to Margot in Canada?

&nbsp;

-- Margot Maynard, Francie Wilford:

- \"Ruey Richardson--Chaletian\". What would it have been like for these two if Margot developed a similar fascination to the one Francie had for her, later on? And what *would* her sisters say - if they knew anything about it? Could they hide it? Femmeslash would be very welcome here, but 16 or older, please.

&nbsp;

-- Len Maynard, Jack Lambert

I quote:
'Josette laughed. \"Jack's a demon all right, but I don't think she'd do a thing like that. For one thing, she'd know that Len would be down on her like a ton of bricks if she ever heard of it. Jack wouldn't risk that. The sun seems to rise and set on young Len so far as she's concerned!\"
\"What? Len! You surely don't mean -- \"
Josette broke in on Gwen's speech at once. \"Don't be such an ass! Of course I don't! Len would never allow anything like that to happen. Besides, *can* you imagine Jack Lambert going all soft and soppy on anyone - Jack, of all people! She's still more like a boy than a girl in most ways. But she does think an awful lot of what Len says, especially after the way the kid stood by her last term when she was in all that trouble over Miss Bertram's affair!\"'

Is Josette really as sure about this as she sounds? Might she be mistaken? Or did someone let slip what she'd have been safer concealing? I can't help but wonder...

Letter: http://trialia.livejournal.com/626290.html


Request 3 by Trialia
Chalion Saga - Lois McMaster Bujold 
Penric kin Jurald, Desdemona (Chalion)

Please see Request 1 - or my Yuletide letter - for details of my PTSD triggers; thank you. Kinks, squicks etc can also be found in the letter.

I've always wondered, and Mira's Last Dance made me wonder even more, what kind of effect would it have on Penric's love life and his orientation to be essentially sharing his mind and body with imprints of a dozen other personalities, none of whom share what he'd always thought to be his gender identity? (I know, the language doesn't match the era, but I wanted to be clear.) 

If that's not of interest to you, what would all of this be like from Desdemona's point of view? I'd love to see what she's/they're thinking at any time in the canon...

Letter: http://trialia.livejournal.com/626290.html


Request 4 by Trialia
Ysabel - Guy Gavriel Kay 
Melanie (Ysabel), Ysabel (Ysabel)

Please see Request 1 - or my Yuletide letter - for details of my PTSD triggers; thank you. Kinks, squicks etc can also be found in the letter.

I love this story, but I can't help but wonder exactly what it was like for Melanie - before, during, after - and for Ysabel, too. Melanie tried to break through, tried to influence Ysabel, and in some ways she did, but how did she manage it? Does Ysabel want the cycle to end more than she will admit? And how did she figure out her final revelation about why Ned got involved to begin with (if you know the book, you'll know what it is, but I don't want to spoil people)? How does the cycle run?

Letter: http://trialia.livejournal.com/626290.html


Request 5 by Trialia
Rivers of London - Ben Aaronovitch 
Thomas Nightingale, Peter Grant (Rivers of London)

Please see Request 1 - or my Yuletide letter - for details of my PTSD triggers; thank you. Kinks, squicks etc can also be found in the letter.

This is a partially recycled request, to give more choice for matching, but that doesn't mean I'd like it any less :) I have edited it a bit this time. I'm fully up to date with the formally published parts of canon, graphic novels and The Furthest Station included.

Peter/Nightingale is one of those rare male slash 'ships for me outside of Middle-Earth. I'd love to see a romantic relationship between the two of them develop organically, without feeling especially awkward or stilted; I've seen that done, but not in the context of my other plotty prompts below, and that I'd love. I enjoy Peter's constant cultural references, but I'd be delighted to hear from Nightingale's point of view as well, since that doesn't happen in the books, for obvious reasons. 

Whether you want to write m/m or not, I'd be really happy to get something dealing with Nightingale's life before the series began, or that part of it Peter doesn't see, and/or perhaps Peter's impact on Nightingale's life from the latter's POV. What was it like growing up the youngest of six and losing so many people, living through both world wars? How would he react to popular culture perceptions of immortality?

I would also (and/or) love to see Peter introduced to some part of Nightingale's life he hasn't previously had any idea about - by way of casefic or any other common crime or fantasy trope you like, if you feel like it. I'd prefer if you didn't kill off either Peter or Thomas, though, at least not permanently, and I do tend to prefer lighter or light-ending angst fic at this time of year.

Explicit is okay, if you choose to go that direction.

Letter: http://trialia.livejournal.com/626290.html


Request 6 by Trialia
D.E.B.S. (2004) 
Amy Bradshaw, Lucy Diamond

Please see Request 1 - or my Yuletide letter - for details of my PTSD triggers; thank you. Kinks, squicks etc can also be found in the letter.

What would happen if Amy decided to go bad instead of Lucy going the other way? What would they do? Would they ever get caught or change their minds? Or would it mean a face-off between Amy, Lucy and her former housemates?

Letter: http://trialia.livejournal.com/626290.html


***

Request 1 by tricatular
The Eagle | The Eagle of the Ninth (2011) 
Marcus Flavius Aquila (The Eagle of the Ninth (2011)), Esca Mac Cunoval (The Eagle of the Ninth (2011))

DNWs: rape/non con, alpha/beta/omega dynamics, mundane aus, soulmate marks aus, 24/7 BDSM, non canonical major character death, harm to animals, unhappy endings, mpreg, issuefic, harm to children.

I love this movie so much, I love Marcus and Esca’s relationship in it more than anything else about it. If it’s not your thing, that’s cool, but I admit it, I’m hoping for romance here.

What I really love about Marcus/Esca is how even when Marcus is the one who holds official power over Esca as his owner, Esca is always the one with the power in their relationship because Marcus is so desperately into him. I love Marcus pining for Esca but being too honourable to do anything about it, while Esca is too angry at himself for pining for Marcus to do anything about it. I also enjoy Marcus having Roman issues about wanting Esca to fuck him and I don’t care if they’re not entirely historically accurate. I would just be very into Marcus having very rigid ideas about sex between men and struggling with wanting Esca to fuck him and Esca helping him overcome that.

Some general things about them that I love, both in the movie and in potential fic: Cultural miscommunications, or just them worrying enough about miscommunication that they don’t even try. Marcus having such utter blind trust in Esca. Esca having to relearn how to let somebody care about him.

Prompts:

I’d be interested in a fic where Marcus and Esca interact with one of the dudes Marcus was in charge at the fort, or earlier in his solidering career. Maybe if it’s an earlier dude, he could have been into Marcus, but Marcus’s honor wouldn’t let him see past it. Or possibly a fic that’s all about Marcus’s ridiculous honor thing and how Esca feels about it over time.

Post-movie road trip fic! Now with more feels and bedsharing and huddling for warmth! Possibly dealing with how Marcus’ sense of purpose is affected by him having retrieved The Eagle now. Porn is welcome, especially of the awkward-but-then-awesome first time variety, but I like fade to black after kissing just as well.

I would actually really be into fic from Esca’s POV, holding Marcus during the surgery and contemplating letting twitch and die, and then ~looking into his eyes~ and feeling sick with himself for having such a thought about the man who saved his life, even if he is a Roman asshole. Perhaps followed by all the times Esca could have had him killed or let him die and deciding not to because HONOR until he realizes no, actually, I just really, really want to bone this dude. And then he follows up on that realization, in whatever romantic form that takes.

The Seal Prince makes Esca fuck Marcus to prove he’s his slave. Marcus is unexpectedly really into it. Afterwards, there’s a lot of angst and awkwardness and feelings and failures to communicate until they somehow manage to resolve it happily.

Letter: http://tricatular.tumblr.com/post/166194332154/yuletide-2k17


Request 2 by tricatular
Mad Men 
Pete Campbell, Bob Benson

DNWs: rape/non con, alpha/beta/omega dynamics, mundane aus, soulmate marks aus, 24/7 BDSM, non canonical major character death, harm to animals, unhappy endings, mpreg, issuefic, harm to children.

This is my forever yuletide fandom! I’ve requested it in the past couple of years and anything with these two will make me unbelievably happy!

I mentioned in my sign up that for this request I don’t mind if you ignore certain parts of canon (s7) or go canon divergent, you can also follow canon if want (Bob shows up in Wichita??) GO WILD.

Shipping Bob/Pete began as a joke for me, but I do ship it for real. I like that Bob is all *_________* about Pete and Pete is simultaneously disgusted and intrigued. He might not be gay, but he’s definitely into someone who’s into him.

Also, in my signup I mentioned If you just want to write about Bob I’d be really interested in his past and what the whole “manservant” deal was. We pretty much know nothing about him and I’d be interested in some backstory, but I’m not exactly looking for Bob/OMC PWP. In case it seemed that way!

Prompts:

fake dating: The CEO of a big company is secretly gay and Pete thinks pretending to be gay will form a bond of solidarity that will give him an edge, but the CEO mistakes this for interest and Pete scrambles to come up with an excuse to get out of doing anything gay and he comes up with, “I have a lover! You may have met him…”

they go to a gay bar lolz and awkwardness ensue.

Pete molds Bob into the Perfect Ad Man and falls for him in the process. Basically “My Fair Lady” with a hillbilly and sodomy.

Groundhog day fic: Pete has to go through the same day again and again, tries to get help from Ken, Peggy, etc, and then comes to the realization that only Bob believes him.

Bob is a conman who starts out trying to seduce Pete as part of a long con, but ends up falling in love.

Letter: http://tricatular.tumblr.com/post/166194332154/yuletide-2k17


Request 3 by tricatular
Strike (TV 2017) 
Cormoran Strike (Strike (TV 2017)), Robin Ellacott (Strike (TV 2017))

DNWs: rape/non con, alpha/beta/omega dynamics, mundane aus, soulmate marks aus, 24/7 BDSM, non canonical major character death, harm to animals, unhappy endings, mpreg, issuefic, harm to children.

There are only five episodes of Strike, but everything about the dynamic between Cormoran and Robin is great. They’re so delighted to be working together! I love how determined she is to learn new things and be a real investigator, and Cormoran loves it, too. He’s so clearly impressed by her competence and determination – the stars in his eyes whenever she does something even slightly impressive is hilarious and sweet. 

Things I’d love to see: more pining! They’re clearly fascinated by the other person, like working together, and think the other one is hot. What if they had to go UNDERCOVER AS A COUPLE and got a little carried away? Wouldn’t that be great? :D?

I’m not generally a fan of cheating, but I’d make an exception if she hooks up with Cormoran and then decides to dump Matthew. Something set after she and Matthew inevitably break up would also be fine if you’d rather not deal with cheating. Whatever you need to do to get Robin and Cormoran together works for me!

If you’re into HP, an auror AU could be fun. I also love Groundhog Day fic for all my ships, so something where Cormoran and Robin live the same day over and over again until they prevent a murder or something could be fun – and oops, they realize they’re into each other! 

Feel free to draw from the books if you’ve read them, but if you want to stick to the show, that’s definitely fine.

Letter: http://tricatular.tumblr.com/post/166194332154/yuletide-2k17


Request 4 by tricatular
The Good Place (TV) 
Eleanor Shellstrop, Tahani Al-Jamil

DNWs: rape/non con, alpha/beta/omega dynamics, mundane aus, soulmate marks aus, 24/7 BDSM, non canonical major character death, harm to animals, unhappy endings, mpreg, issuefic, harm to children.

I really love this show! It’s deeply sweet and funny and all the characters are wonderful, plus there’s a canonical Groundhog Day-like loop as Michael tries (and fails) to get things right. 

My favorite ship is Eleanor/Tahani and I like the trajectory of antagonists to friends to lovers, but I don’t mind if they skip the friends step. I like how Eleanor is into Tahani despite herself and how Tahani emotionally connects to Eleanor when Eleanor lets her, and when she lets herself. 

Like I said, I love all the characters, so please no character-bashing, and I am fine with cameos from any of the cast, especially Jason, who is perpetually hilarious. 

Prompts (contain spoilers through episode 2x04):
Now that Tahani has been told she’s in the Bad Place and why, she’s very upset and Eleanor can’t stop noticing her sad eyes and her luscious frowning lips and her bowed, bare shoulders. And normally Eleanor would be all over that, but she’s pretty sure that taking advantage of emotionally vulnerable hotties is something she’s not supposed to do anymore if she’s going to try to be a good person. 

I would also love an attempt #218 fic where Michael is sort of relieved that Eleanor hasn’t yet figured out they’re in the Bad Place, but unfortunately she and Tahani aren’t torturing each other at all, and Michael keeps coming up with increasingly desperate ways to try and make them miserable. 

In a different loop, Tahani finds out that Eleanor is not supposed to be in The Good Place. Eleanor seduces her. At first it's just to keep Tahani from going to Michael, but it turns into something more.

Letter: http://tricatular.tumblr.com/post/166194332154/yuletide-2k17


Request 5 by tricatular
Victoria (TV) 
Queen Victoria (1819 - 1901) (Victoria (TV)), William Lamb 2nd Viscount Melbourne (Victoria (TV))

DNWs: rape/non con, alpha/beta/omega dynamics, mundane aus, soulmate marks aus, 24/7 BDSM, non canonical major character death, harm to animals, unhappy endings, mpreg, issuefic, harm to children.

I love Queen/Knight pairings and this is such a good one! They’re both so loyal and respectful and full of pining. I know the age difference is huge but I’m going to be honest: I just don’t care. I am in this for the inappropriate pining. The first few episodes of season one have so many beautiful bittersweet moments, and I just want more. More dancing, more longing looks, more of Lord M thinking lustful thoughts about the queen and feeling bad about it, more of her staring sadly out the window hoping he’ll show up. 

Other ideas: Maybe she convinces him that teaching her about sex is definitely a duty the prime minister needs to be performing. Maybe his willpower snaps and he shows up at the palace in the middle of the night. Maybe there’s an AU where he says yes to her proposal and they spend some very sexy time together before they come to their senses. Any of these ideas would make me very, very happy.

Letter: http://tricatular.tumblr.com/post/166194332154/yuletide-2k17


***

Request 1 by trillingstar
Historical Farm (UK TV) 
Alex Langlands (Historical Farm), Peter Ginn (Historical Farm), Ruth Goodman (Historical Farm)

Apparently Alex and Peter have been close friends for a long while, even before they filmed Tales from Green Valley. I would love some pre-canon backstory about their relationship (friends or more). Other ideas include: maybe one of them touches something dug up in an archeological expedition and (any) Things Happen! Or, maybe they're vampires/time-travellers/Olympic farmers! Antiques heist crew! 

Or, basically anything set while they're filming any of the series...es would be great. In episode six of Wartime Farm, they built that straw-bale housing structure and set it up with a bed, only to abandon it? No, no. That's a clubhouse or a sexhouse or something. Or, something removed from the Farm(s), perhaps a peek at the commute between hotel and farm, or, some back-at-the-hotel times, having a pint after a long day, sharing a room, whathaveyou. Surely production couldn't afford separate hotel rooms back in the beginning. Shoestring budget! Frugality! Happy to share so Ruth could have her own room. etc.

If you're feeling kinky with these two, I would flip for something where Peter serves Alex in a D/s lifestyle (or only between the sheets/at times of their mutual choosing), and they're canonically reasonably discreet about it on-camera. Their dynamic is one of equals, of course, but some of their interactions stick out to me in a most wondrous sort of way: Peter's shy smiles at Alex's praise; how much Alex appears to relish giving Peter orders, cheeky or not; that Peter's usually stuck doing the hard labour whilst Alex admires, erm, watches from afar. That one series opener with Alex supervising Peter's shave &amp; a haircut, and making sure the barber's taking good care of his boy? Unf. I love how they tease one another, and how even-keeled Peter seems when it's Alex at the helm. 

Ruuuuuth. This woman. She is fantastic. I love how passionate she is about, well, everything. Her unrestrained glee makes me feel gleeful, too, and I love how caught up she gets in everything, whether it's related to her field of domestic history or just history in general. Sometimes she's all giggles, and then she gets her determined face on and really dives in, embracing whatever she's fiddling with or learning. For a while now I've been harbouring a theory that she is a relatively seekrit!stoner, with all her 'herbs' in the garden that only she tends, and her general joyful delight at getting to pluck various fowl or futz with the privy flush or follow through on various Victorian remedies (a la mashed earthworms to heal bruises). Anyway, I would happily read any adventure that Ruth went on -- with or without the merry-making properties of ganja -- or a new technique she's trying, or a gossip sesh with the dressmaker (he is so bitingly brisk). 

I ship Alex/Peter (obvs), but I would prefer not to have Ruth shipped with either Alex or Peter. However, anything gen with the three of them sent on an adventure to the seaside, or the city, or to a house party, or entertaining at their own farm, for a holiday celebration and beyond -- or, just have them at home, talking about their days. Or, something that focused tightly on any of the three as individuals – any and all of this would be amazing.

DNW: I would not like to receive fic that includes gore, song lyrics (songfic), mpreg, or heavy schmoop. I would not like person/character bashing or any kind of animal harm or animal death. I would not like incest. Additionally, I would not like to receive fic where pregnancy is the main focus; as well, I would not like to receive fic where children are the main focus, or any of the characters is turned into a child.

Letter: http://trillingstar.dreamwidth.org/460825.html


Request 2 by trillingstar
Bring It On (2000) 
Missy Pantone (Bring It On (2000)), Torrance Shipman (Bring It On (2000))

I ship Missy/Torrance. I'd also be completely satisfied with gen/friendship, or UST, or one-sided/mutual pining. 

Whether separated by a slash or a comma, these two characters never fail to make me smile with their exuberance and determination and kicky little skirts. I love this movie because it embraces all things perky and peppy while maintaining a really good sense of humor (tainting the spirit stick, “Is that your band?” re: Cliff’s t-shirt). It's about friendship and pony-tailed, silly fun and did I mention the teeny skirts? Adorable. I’d love a story from Missy’s POV. Details about her life pre-Toros would be awesome.

Other ideas: mermaid AU; slumber party; practice makes perfect; liking the same girl (Cliff and Missy); hairography; cheersex. 

DNW: I would not like to receive fic that includes gore, song lyrics (songfic), mpreg, or heavy schmoop. I would not like person/character bashing or any kind of animal harm or animal death. I would not like incest. Additionally, I would not like to receive fic where pregnancy is the main focus; as well, I would not like to receive fic where children are the main focus, or any of the characters is turned into a child.

Letter: http://trillingstar.dreamwidth.org/460825.html


Request 3 by trillingstar
Midsomer Murders (TV) 
Jamie Winter (Midsomer Murders TV), Kam Karimore (Midsomer Murders TV)

So – Kam and Jamie. Honestly if this was nearly anyone else, I'd be like, \"Just because you work together doesn't mean you absolutely must hook up,\" and, \"Oh, suuuure they know each other from some ambiguous ~before~, definitely shoehorn in this relationship, thanks,\" etc. I didn't enjoy the low-key flirtation/tension that felt unnaturally wedged in between Kam and DS Nelson, but, somehow Kam and Jamie together works for me.

Probably because the second thing I noticed about New Guy (first – oh hey New Guy) was his cute little butt. And then right away it's revealed that they knew each other previously (pretty clearly hinted at being in the Biblical way, ahem), even as Kam downplayed their acquaintance. Of course there are many explanations for that, but the one that my brain happily filled in was this: really good sex. That kind of sex you have where you're 97% sure that you're never going to see this person ever again, so you can be as wild and weird and – pure, you know? as you want, because, who cares what they think, you're never seeing them again, and you just really want a lot of great orgasms. Basically a zipless fuck but without the element of stranger-danger. 

Anyway, I want wild, raw, uninhibited, passionate sex. Kam's not brushing Jamie off because the sex was bad; she's not flustered to see him, knowing they'll be working closely together because he's a selfish, crap lover. She wouldn't have gone to dinner with him if that was the case, I think, and she wouldn't have those little smiles on her face when she's thinking about him/talking about him if he was some awful person. I have a lot of faith that she knows her own self-worth. 

Maybe they have another date that ends in sex, maybe it's a scene from when they hooked up at the conference, maybe they hooked up after the conference, or maybe it's removed from canon, or an AU. And pegging. I want pegging as a main component, I want toppy!Kam, I want her happiness and determination and competence as she sticks her fingers up his ass and makes him writhe/melt/sob with joy and orgasms. I don't want pain or coercion or bondage – I want them both present, and consensually, happily fucking their brains out. 

SO, after all of that, if you don't want to write smut or explicit shipfic, no problem! I will happily read about their pre-canon time together at the conference, the deep soul-searching conversations that you can have with near-strangers after several drinks and with 97% certainty that you're never going to see this person again. Maybe Kam revealed things about her ambitions or dreams that she wouldn't have usually shared, or maybe Jamie made a pass at Kam that was rebuffed and now he's tasked himself with showing Kam how trustworthy a friend he can be, because they did hit it off so well. 

I would also love something case-related, or perhaps one or the other of them is working on a cold case side project, or perhaps you'd like to write them as jewel thieves or ER residents or yoga instructors or ex-childhood friends who lost touch after high school. I'd be very pleased with any and all interactions between them, with Paddy and/or the Barnabys on the peripheral, if you'd like. 

DNW: I would not like to receive fic that includes gore, song lyrics (songfic), mpreg, or heavy schmoop. I would not like person/character bashing or any kind of animal harm or animal death. I would not like incest. Additionally, I would not like to receive fic where pregnancy is the main focus; as well, I would not like to receive fic where children are the main focus, or any of the characters is turned into a child.

Letter: http://trillingstar.dreamwidth.org/460825.html


Request 4 by trillingstar
And Then There Were None (TV 2015) 
Vera Claythorne (ATTWN TV), Philip Lombard (ATTWN TV)

This miniseries played directly into my love for characters with rough edges, driven by purely selfish, base instincts, who inhabit the morally gray areas of life – or perhaps have no morals at all – and who have, through luck or skill, gotten good at hiding that fact, and blending in.  I also like it when people are isolated in places that are inescapable (or difficult to escape, natch), whether they get there by trick, lure, capture, or because they were found to belong there (ie, prison).  And this show had a mystery to boot!  Yessss.

I ship Vera/Philip liek whoa.  

Philip and Vera are just – everything nasty hidden beneath a superficial surface.  I think they recognize certain qualities in the other that are, in normal circumstances, dangerous for this type of person.  Usually it's best to circle, never giving anything away, and then leave the other alone: they're both on the prowl, all of the time, observing and learning, tucking away information, always angling to gain and never to lose.  But here, thrown together, and then trapped together, they sense the advantage in joining forces.  Still, do they reveal truths to each other, or is it all a part of the glamour?  

Vera purports herself to be quite tortured &amp; wronged when we weren't really shown much for her to have been tortured about (beyond the psychological mindfuckery on the island, but, she's old hat at that.  Did she ever truly feel actual guilt about her actions, do you think, or was it the self-flagellating sort of guilt because she didn't play it all exactly right, and her manipulation failed?).  She's motivated by money and social standing.  Philip has had longer to hone his mercenary – skill isn't quite the word, ways, maybe? – and I think that while he likes money, it's not to the same degree as Vera – after all, it's a man's world and he fits right in – so he's more into the power: the feeling of ultimate power snuffing out life, being the powerful one in the room (even if it's in disguise), always feeling in control.  Teasing other people with the allure of power, especially those who are less, in his mind – less powerful, less social standing, less moneyed.  Less worthy of his attention and time.  I think that he even thinks less of people who've had to pay him in order to take care of their ~problems.  He can do it, they can't, that gives something else to gloat about.

I'd be thrilled with anything canon, or post-canon... or alternate pathways based on canon.  I'm most interested in how they play off of each other, and maybe how they play each other.  If you want them together post-canon, I'd love to know how that works (or doesn't).  I'd like to see them running a con together, or having known each other all along.  They both know how to manipulate people &amp; circumstances to their liking.  I'd also be completely satisfied with character studies on them, or the pair of them working a con, or learning from something going wrong.  A phrase that I come back to for either/both of them is <i>all that glitters is not gold</i>.

DNW: I would not like to receive fic that includes gore, song lyrics (songfic), mpreg, or heavy schmoop. I would not like person/character bashing or any kind of animal harm or animal death. I would not like incest. Additionally, I would not like to receive fic where pregnancy is the main focus; as well, I would not like to receive fic where children are the main focus, or any of the characters is turned into a child.

Letter: http://trillingstar.dreamwidth.org/460825.html


Request 5 by trillingstar
Remember the Titans (2000) 
Gerry Bertier, Julius Campbell

I ship Julius/Gerry, so if you do too, then YAY.  But if you don't, no worries: I love the friendship between Julius and Gerry.  I like that they're both leaders, and after the initial few push-pushback interactions, they worked together, which made each of them stronger, instead of diminishing either's leadership. I like that they clicked together so well, sharing traits of being generous, and genuine. I feel like canon left off at a perfect place for some What Happens Next, and I'd love for Julius and Gerry to get that place together that they'd talked about, and live together ('permanent bachelors' can be a fun trope), and grow old together. (Well, not old-old, unless you'd like to disregard actualfax life details, which would also be fine.) 

I think Julius would be bursting with pride at every thing Gerry accomplished, and I think that Gerry would support Julius no matter what. I can picture some of the team coming over to hang around on their porch and celebrate holidays, and as the years pass, some of the guys bring their families, and maybe Julius-n-Gerry's relationship isn't out in the open, but everyone's long since stopped trying to set either of them up on blind dates.  (If they ever did. Hey, Disney put on rose-tinted glasses for a lot of stuff in this movie.  IRL the whole team would <i>proooobably</i> not magically and unquestioningly accept an out, interracial, gay relationship without conflict, hence – apply fanfic.)

Mainly, I want Julius and Gerry to be happy for as long as possible. Maybe they go on a roadtrip before Gerry's accident, on the tab of some scouts. There's probably a lot more to that story where they had to dress up and receive awards. Or some time before they all gelled as a team, with the two of them butting heads and philosophies. Or when Julius met Gerry's mom for the first time.  Or post-canon, when Gerry was in training for the paralympics, with Julius by his side, honing his determination.  I would gladly be a fly on the wall for all of it.

What I wouldn't like to see is a focus on the details of football and football games; obviously it's a big part of their lives but I would rather have that as background, and the characters themselves the focus.

&nbsp;

DNW: I would not like to receive fic that includes gore, song lyrics (songfic), mpreg, or heavy schmoop. I would not like person/character bashing or any kind of animal harm or animal death. I would not like incest. Additionally, I would not like to receive fic where pregnancy is the main focus; as well, I would not like to receive fic where children are the main focus, or any of the characters is turned into a child.

Letter: http://trillingstar.dreamwidth.org/460825.html


Request 6 by trillingstar
Freier Fall | Free Fall (2013) 
Marc Borgmann, Kay Engel

So, this movie left a lot of things wide open for interpretation. I liked that the ending kept things open, and that it wasn't a traditionally happy ending. (Because really it was more of a beginning, yes?)

One thing that I both liked and disliked was that as viewers, we didn't get a clear picture of what tied Kay and Marc together, apart from good sex and that they got along in general. But I want specifics, like... *why* did Kay love Marc? &amp; vice versa. Or was it even love at all? (I think so, but I'm ready for anything you come up with.) They were sexually compatible, obviously, but other than one time they went dancing... what did they talk about when they weren't at the club or standing in line at the cafeteria? What did each love about the other?&nbsp;

I thought it was really interesting that Marc went back to find Kay only after Bettina returned home. He'd managed to stay away after 'breaking up,' after Bettina left, but when Bettina was seemingly coming back and bringing their child, it's *then* that he chose to go back to Kay's apartment. Why? What was he looking to accomplish? What was his aim?&nbsp;

Where did Kay go? Does he come back?

DNW: I would not like to receive fic that includes gore, song lyrics (songfic), mpreg, or heavy schmoop. I would not like person/character bashing or any kind of animal harm or animal death. I would not like incest. Additionally, I would not like to receive fic where pregnancy is the main focus; as well, I would not like to receive fic where children are the main focus, or any of the characters is turned into a child.

Letter: http://trillingstar.dreamwidth.org/460825.html


***

Request 1 by triplesalto
The Crown (TV) 
Elizabeth II (The Crown), Philip Duke of Edinburgh (The Crown)

I love this show! I’ve always loved Elizabeth – I watched Mirren’s portrayal of her in <i>The Queen</i> at a formative age - and while Philip annoys the heck out of me sometimes (get over yourself, Philip!), I do ship them mightily. 

One thing I’d love to read about is how they fell in love. I was intrigued by the conversation between Queens Mary and Elizabeth after the wedding about how Princess Elizabeth set everyone on their heads by insisting on her love match with Philip. And of course there’s the war as a backdrop! I’ve always been a sucker for Elizabeth the War Mechanic (and for all of Elizabeth’s attempts to be normal-ish during this time period, like sneaking out on V-E Day with Margaret to experience the celebrations in the streets). And Philip did have shore leaves when he wasn’t off bravely fighting and getting mentioned in despatches. So falling-in-love fic set during the late-war time period would be right up my street! (I note late-war because although I know Elizabeth started having a crush on Philip when she was 13, I’d prefer a fic set later. I believe Philip started to return her affections when she was 17, and I’m more comfortable with that.) What was it like to woo a princess? (Or was it the other way around?) What was their first kiss like? How did Elizabeth break it to her parents that she wasn’t interested in Porchey et al., but in the handsome penniless homeless foreigner Philip? Did they ever escape out into London together and try to be incognito, just a young Naval officer on shore leave with his girl?

I’d also love fic set during Season 1! I’d prefer to read about happy moments, or a time where they had mutual respect for each other, or a time where their dramatic tension was (temporarily or permanently) resolved, rather than focusing on the simmering fight the show sets up about Philip feeling emasculated and acting out/being cold to Elizabeth. Some ideas:

•   little moments where they share private glances/inside jokes
•   them just being very comfortable with each other; their lives must get very lonely at times, and the idea of them having each other against the world resonates with me
•   arguments that resolve into affection
•   Philip putting his foot in his mouth and Elizabeth rescuing him/being exasperated but laughing anyways
•   Elizabeth teaching Philip something he isn’t good at yet
•   A time Elizabeth caught Philip by surprise (in a little or big way), and/or Philip ended up genuinely respecting Elizabeth/her actions
•   Smut, if you’re up for it! Some ideas: a happy romp at Treetops the night before she became Queen, or the way they finally resolved the kneeling fight (might it have involved sexy kneeling from Philip?), or just some good old-fashioned power-dynamic porn with Elizabeth wearing the crown. Or something involving Philip’s penchant for sleeping nude! (NB: while I’m totally okay with Philip taking the lead in bed, if that’s what you like, I’m not thrilled with the dynamic of the “get on your knees” exchange in the show, and would prefer nothing that ‘punishes’ Elizabeth for being a powerful woman or kinks on her meekly giving up power. Power-exchange/taking turns giving up power, otoh, could be hot. And Philip submitting to and/or serving Elizabeth in bed is entirely relevant to my interests.)

Besides Elizabeth and Philip, there are other stories in this fandom that I would love to see, if my E/P prompts don’t work for you. Some ideas:

•   I loved Elizabeth’s relationship with her father. He seemed lovely. I’d be quite interested in reading more about them. Optionally, you could treat this show &amp; <i>The King’s Speech</i> (2010) as a shared universe, as I love Firth’s George VI and the plot of that movie as well. Any canon-style story about the two of them would be really nice. Perhaps more of George trying to train/prepare Elizabeth for the crown? Or George on the day he first realizes he’s really going to have to be King, which means his little Elizabeth will have to succeed him some day? Or George the first time he realizes Elizabeth will be an excellent Queen? And what did George think of the man his daughter fell in love with and chose to marry?
•   What was going through Edward VIII’s head, watching his brother and then his niece on the throne? Did he keep thinking it was a good bargain to step down? Did he ever wish he hadn’t abdicated/regret choosing Wallis?
•   I’d be interested in reading an AU in which Edward and Wallis were allowed to have a morganatic marriage and he stayed King. Elizabeth would still have eventually succeeded to the throne, but I think a lot of dynamics would have drastically changed. (For one thing, since Edward was much healthier than George, Elizabeth would have had much longer as Princess – in our world, Edward didn’t die until 1972).

DNWs: unhappy endings, darkfic, bodily fluids, character death, infidelity.

Letter: http://triplesalto.dreamwidth.org/1954.html


Request 2 by triplesalto
Inspector Alleyn Mysteries - Ngaio Marsh 
Michael Lamprey (Inspector Alleyn - Ngaio Marsh), Martyn Tarne (Inspector Alleyn - Ngaio Marsh)

My two favorite Inspector Alleyn mysteries are <i>A Surfeit of Lampreys</i> (US title: <i>Death of a Peer</i>) and <i>Opening Night</i> (US title: <i>Night at the Vulcan</i>). I adore the Lamprey family in <i>A Surfeit of Lampreys</i>, all the loud and crazy bustle of them, from Henry and Roberta all the way down to little Mike. And in <i>Opening Night</i>, I love little Mike all grown up and working for Alleyn. He makes a great apprentice/acolyte to Alleyn, and his charm is infectious. I’m so glad he ended up getting to live his dream!

This Yuletide, I’ve requested two characters from <i>Opening Night</i>, Mike Lamprey and Martyn Tarne. I’m also happy to have the rest of the Lampreys appear (along with Roberta Grey, who’s no doubt a Lamprey and the mother of Lampreys by this point), if you enjoy their company as much as I do. And I like Alleyn/Fox (in small doses), and I adore Troy.

What I am not a fan of is Martyn/Poole. She’s nineteen, he’s thirty-eight and in a position of complete power over her, and for the entirety of the book most people think he’s her father? That’s not a dynamic I enjoy. (Not knocking the folks who do!) Plus I don’t enjoy the ‘love at first sight, proposing marriage within three days’ thing. So Martyn/Poole is not for me.

On the other hand, if you ship Martyn &amp; Mike, like I do, I would love to read about them falling in love at a more sedate pace. Mike’s attraction to Martyn is canon, if understated, and I would enjoy seeing how he might follow the acquaintance up (in an AU where Martyn/Poole wasn’t a thing). What happens to Martyn after the events of the book? Does the play continue? Does she become the talk/toast of the town due to her performance and due to the publicity brought on by the murder? How does Mike see her again? What do they connect over? Is Troy involved at all? (I don’t know how you’d manage that – I just love Troy, haha.)

If you don’t ship Martyn &amp; Mike, I’d also be happy to read gen friendship fic for the two of them! Is there something suspicious going on at the scene of Martyn’s new play that Alleyn, Fox, and Mike have to investigate? Has Frid indeed become a successful actress, and becomes Martyn’s friend and brings her home for Christmas? Are Roberta and Martyn’s families distantly related? However you brought them together, I’d love to see what Martyn might make of the Lampreys, and Mike in particular, of course. (Again, please no Martyn/Poole, even if writing genfic for Martyn &amp; Mike. I’m fine with Poole or any of the other characters from Opening Night appearing as Martyn’s friends, however.)

Oh! One more idea - I'd also be totally up for Martyn/Frid Lamprey, if actresses falling in love with each other are your thing. :) Feel free to background Mike if that's the way you go (though I'd still love to see him pop up once or twice).

DNWs: unhappy endings, darkfic, bodily fluids, character death, infidelity, Martyn/Poole.

Letter: http://triplesalto.dreamwidth.org/1954.html


Request 3 by triplesalto
Jeeves - P. G. Wodehouse 
Madeline Bassett (Jeeves - P. G. Wodehouse), Honoria Glossop (Jeeves - P. G. Wodehouse)

I absolutely adore the Jeeves books. I love Bertie’s narration, and Jeeves’ skill, and all the fabulous scrapes Bertie tumbles in and out of. But beyond Bertie &amp; Jeeves, the Jeeves books also have two of my favourite minor characters in all of fiction, Madeline &amp; Honoria, and I ship them mightily. They would fit so well together!

Athletic, intelligent Honoria is entirely my type. Described by Aunt Agatha as “strong, self-reliant, and sensible,” she has a penetrating, booming laugh, loves picture galleries and concerts, and both reads philosophy and writes books of her own. 

And then there’s Madeline, idealistic and whimsical. She always reminds me a bit of Luna Lovegood. “Bountifully equipped with golden hair and all the fixings,” she is svelte and beautiful, and if Bertie has a horror of what he calls her “squashy soupiness,” others might just find her sweet. Her laugh is “tinkly, silvery,” and she reads romances and is a terribly romantic soul.

Together they make the perfect couple, and I want nothing more than to read about them! Whether you’re interested in how they fell in love, or in an adventure they have once they’re already in a relationship, or in double-dating fic with Bertie &amp; Jeeves, I will love it all. Please no angst, infidelity, or unhappy endings.

Notes: * I’d be equally pleased by Wodehouse pastiche (including Bertie as a narrator) or with a different style/PoV entirely. Really, the sky’s the limit!
* Re Bertie &amp; Jeeves – they can be around as much as you like, or completely absent, or somewhere in between. I like them, so feel free to include them, but they’re not essential elements. (I ship them, but I'm also fine with them just being friends, or being in a different relationship.)
* Same goes for Aunt Agatha and Aunt Dahlia, both of whom I adore.

Prompts:
•   Bertie has got into another of his scrapes, and somehow this time it’s put out both Madeline and Honoria. (Perhaps he’s accidentally become engaged to both of them at the same time?) How do they react? Do they hatch a revenge scheme? Commiserate together? It's bonding time! (Whether Jeeves has a hand in pushing them together is up to you.)
•   Madeline or Honoria has a problem and they borrow Jeeves to help out. (Suitor who won’t leave them alone? Father who is pushing for an engagement? Stolen jewelry? Inconvenient corpse?)
•   Bertie is entirely oblivious and it takes him five months to realise that Madeline and Honoria are together.
•   Madeline and Honoria have a non-Bertie&amp;Jeeves adventure. Perhaps Honoria finds that she’s good at this solving-problems thing herself!
•   Madeline becomes a famous romance novelist and Honoria becomes a private detective. Both of them are very good at their jobs and sometimes Madeline’s interesting way of looking at the world helps Honoria’s cases.
•   Honoria and Madeline save Bertie’s bacon during one of his scrapes. How is up to you!
•   Madeline and Honoria go hiking together – what happens?

DNWs: unhappy endings, darkfic, bodily fluids, character death, infidelity, Madeline or Honoria in an unrequested relationship. (Other unrequested relationships are fine in the background.)

Letter: http://triplesalto.dreamwidth.org/1954.html


Request 4 by triplesalto
Spy Kids (Movies) 
Ingrid Cortez, Gregorio Cortez (Spy Kids)

I just love <i>Spy Kids</i> so much, especially the first movie, and Gregorio and Ingrid in particular. Tell me a story set during their courtship, with high derring do and spy things and the quiet moments together that make them know the other is The One. Give me identity porn and convoluted ways to manage to get together and have sex (because somehow I very much doubt they got engaged without establishing sexual compability first!) Does anyone in either of their countries guess? Are they the worst-kept secret in the espionage community? Or do they actually pull it off (they are the world’s best spies, after all) and surprise everyone when it turns out that they’re together? And how might their respective spy cultures and practices differ, anyway? (I am all for hilarious mixups and shenanigans where they have to flee death together, find out each other’s strengths and weaknesses, test their respective countries’ tech and training, and flirt outrageously along the way.)

Or tell me about the shenanigans that happen on their honeymoon, as they’re fleeing assassins and getting into firefights and blending into the background like they’re just normal tourists, and also taking every opportunity to snog (and more). Somehow I don’t think their honeymoon was a particularly quiet or peaceful event! 

Or how about a story that’s set after the events of the first movie, as Ingrid and Gregorio adjust to their new reality with the kids now knowing who they are? Did their foray back into being active spies again reignite their sex life back to old heights? Did technology change in new and exciting ways and they have to learn it all to get back in the spy groove? What sort of missions are they now being sent on as a family unit? (And do they still get out for the occasional mission on their own, for old times’ sake?) Do they still have a few secrets from each other, just to spice up their lives and keep themselves sharp? Maybe they take turns setting up a challenge course/setting each other tasks to keep their spy skills lightning keen!

(But basically, anything that has Ingrid and Gregorio kicking butt and taking names together – and being awesome spies – would be great. I love them to no end.)

DNWs: unhappy endings, darkfic, bodily fluids, character death, infidelity.

Letter: http://triplesalto.dreamwidth.org/1954.html


Request 5 by triplesalto
Doctor Who RPF 
David Tennant (Doctor Who RPF), Michelle Gomez (Doctor Who RPF), Peter Capaldi (Doctor Who RPF), Jodie Whittaker (Doctor Who RPF)

I’m only interested in gen fluff in this fandom. :) That includes anything more than a passing mention of real-life relationships (e.g., please no David/Georgia fic).

I also was a bit unsure of how to pick characters – in addition to the ones I’ve requested, I’m also very interested in Chris Eccleston, and Matt Smith and Alex Kingston too, so feel free to include them if you like. But I <i>don’t</i> need all of my requested characters in one fic! You have my permission to feel free to go with whichever character(s) my prompts suggest to you, even if that means you don’t include all of my requested characters. (Please do include at least one requested character, though. Or Chris, Chris is great!) So that could be Peter Capaldi stepping onto the TARDIS for the first time and feeling like he’s come home, or David Tennant and Matt Smith teasing each other during the filming of the 50th, or Jodie Whittaker and Michelle Gomez filming their first Doctor &amp; Master episode together, or the whole kit and caboodle having a drink together after a (fictional) future reunion. (Does someone do karaoke?) Whether you’re writing about one character or a dozen, if you’re having fun with them, I will too. :D

Some other ideas:

•   What’s it like to get that call, when you find out you’re going to be the Doctor/the Master/the Doctor’s wife?
•   I love hearing about the fraternity of Doctors that seems to be in place (excepting Chris, who doesn’t really do Who anymore, although I’d certainly be up for reading about him making an exception). Matt singing the Who theme on Jodie’s phone, David and Matt always being there for Peter, the bad-knees-brought-on-by-too-much-running club, etc. – I love it all. I imagine them meeting up every once in a while for coffee/beer.
•   How much does Matt tease David when he finds out he’s David’s daughter’s favorite Doctor?
•   Jodie being congratulated and/or given tongue-in-cheek advice by any/all of the characters in the tagset. (The connection with Chris, who played Creon to her Antigone at the National, is one I’m personally fond of, and I’d love to see what sort of advice and/or congratulations he might give her, but really any of the tagset characters would be great.)
•   The first time a new Doctor steps on board the TARDIS. Is it magical? Intimidating? Exhilarating?
•   The jockeying for position/teasing/etc. that goes in during the filming of a multi-Doctor special. (Either the 50th anniversary or a made-up one during Jodie’s tenure.)
•   Does David ever get fake-annoyed about the fact that of all the actors who’ve played the Doctor on New Who, he’s the only one who had to change his accent?
•   Crossover with the show – what happens if the universes get scrambled and the Doctor really comes to call? (Perhaps a Galaxy Quest tone? Or played more straight.)
•   Thanks to time travel, kid!Peter (or the teenage!Peter who was pestering the BBC execs) really does find out that he’ll be the Doctor some day. What’s his reaction?
•   The complicated shenanigans process that is trying to steal souvenirs from the Who set! What does (your choice of character) take, or try to take? 

Really though, any gen fluffy story with Whovian bonding will make me very happy. :)

DNWs: unhappy endings, darkfic, bodily fluids, character death, infidelity, shipfic.

Letter: http://triplesalto.dreamwidth.org/1954.html


Request 6 by triplesalto
Political RPF - US 21st c. 
Hillary Clinton (Political RPF - US 21st c.)

Is it a thing to want fix-it fic for a real person? Because I do. I want a fantasy alternate universe, not this Orangetown Hatersville Corruptathon Incompetentland. I’m not interested in fic about our current reality. AU all the way, baby.

I’ve talked in past letters about my thoughts on Hillary. Here is my <a href=\"http://triplesalto.dreamwidth.org/313.html\">Yuletide 2016 letter</a> (written before the election), and here is my <a href=\"http://triplesalto.dreamwidth.org/1406.html\">FemslashEx letter</a>, both of which should give you a clearer idea of me and Hillary. Spoiler: I love her.

Given the current climate, what I most want is lighthearted, sweet, earnest fic. I want to read about a nerdy Hillary who works hard to better the country and who fights for justice, while not losing sight of her pragmatism or the advisability of steady incremental progress. I’d love to read about Hillary as President, in an alternate universe where 2016 went differently. And if you’re up for shipfic, I’d really enjoy a fic where Hillary had a loving partner/wife who was devoted to her and would never cheat on her. (Please no Bill/Hillary shipfic; I have issues with him.)

[Note: If writing shipfic, please create an OC. (Basing her on somebody is fine, but I wouldn’t want Hillary/Huma, for example.) Feel free to give her any personality you like, as long as she’s head-over-heels in love with Hillary and their chemistry works! I like OCs. Oh, and I would prefer no large age gaps.]

Prompts:
•   Hillary wins the fucking election. (Pardon my language.)
•   In law school, Hillary falls in love with a woman instead of Bill, and they plan their life together. Hillary has such big dreams, and her girlfriend is behind her all the way.
•   Instead of her career path diverting because of her marriage to Bill and his political success, Hillary doesn’t date/marry him, and her star never stops rocketing upward. It’s her who becomes President in 1992, not Bill. (Shipfic option: And her partner is by her side! Up to you whether they’re in the closet – perhaps her partner presents as her Chief of Staff or similar? – or whether you go a bit fantasy-land and have America be okay with a lesbian President.)
•   Hillary has always been a very private person. During her Presidency she never talked about her private life, even when the media pushed. Now she’s retired and can do as she pleases, and the day equal marriage is handed down by the Supreme Court, she marries her long-time partner. (Or she marries her in the Rose Garden as soon as they can arrange it, with Obama there beaming happily.)
•   President Hillary has known she was a lesbian for forever, but always had her eye on her career, never wanting to jeopardize it (and, let’s be real, never having the time). But now she finds herself unexpectedly falling in love…
•   Hillary didn’t marry Bill, and she didn’t keep her relationship with her partner a secret. She’s been one of the foremost lesbian politicans in America all her life, a passionate Senator from Illinois, and now America is ready to embrace her. She defeats Trump in the 2016 election (maybe her wife is a computer science geek and the whole shitty emails thing never happened?), and takes her oath with her wife beaming by her side. (And yes, I would read a loving celebratory porn scene set on Hillary’s first night as President. I have no shame.)
•   Hillary on Inauguration Day 2017. What is her first day in office like?
•   Hillary on Election Night 2020 when Trump goes down and the first female President is elected. (I’m partial to Harris, Duckworth, and Warren, but you can choose your own if you like someone else.)

DNWs: unhappy endings, darkfic, bodily fluids, character death, infidelity, Republicans (except as opponents to be vanquished), Bill/Hillary.

Letter: http://triplesalto.dreamwidth.org/1954.html


***

Request 1 by Trismegistus (Lebateleur)
Blake & Avery Series - M. J. Carter 
Jeremiah Blake, William Avery
Letter: http://lebateleur.dreamwidth.org/37161.html


Request 2 by Trismegistus (Lebateleur)
Onmyouji | The Yin-Yang Master (Movies) 
Minamoto no Hiromasa, Abe no Seimei (Onmyouji)
Letter: http://lebateleur.dreamwidth.org/37161.html


Request 3 by Trismegistus (Lebateleur)
The Goblin Emperor - Katherine Addison 
Letter: http://lebateleur.dreamwidth.org/37161.html


***

Request 1 by tristesses
My Best Friend's Exorcism - Grady Hendrix 
Gretchen Lang, Abby Rivers

This is one of my favorite exorcism/possession stories, and it's because of the characterization (nice and in-depth!) and the relationship between Abby and Gretchen (intense! deep! pretty fucking gay!). I really enjoyed the 80s atmosphere and how terribly high school the main characters were, and I adored the way Abby ended up performing the exorcism - not traditional, but very true to character. However, I also loved the creeping menace of the possession and how damn evil that demon was (the scene with Margaret after all the shakes — you know the one — scarred me for life). So anything that contains elements of both the Gretchen/Abby relationship (romantic or platonic) and the creep factor is A+.

- There was one question I had that was never truly answered: what happened to Gretchen in the woods? Tell me the story of her initial possession, and please, make it as creepy as possible.

- Gretchen POV during the events of the book. Trapped in an alternate demon dimension of sorts, only partially aware of what’s going on in the outside world, traumatized after the fact — I’m really curious to see what Gretchen’s perspective of the whole affair was.

- For a less horrifying prompt, take the phrase “I love you dearly and I love you queerly” — Abby shouts that at Gretchen, and then…it’s never really followed up upon? Please, give me the romance these two deserve.

Please see my letter for more detailed likes/dislikes

Letter: http://tristesses.dreamwidth.org/47062.html?style=site


Request 2 by tristesses
Queen of the Tearling - Erika Johansen 
Kelsea Glynn

Man, what a weird series this turned out to be! I was initially drawn to it because of the cross-dimensional travel and the interesting fusion of dystopian fiction and fantasy — I'm a sucker for that kind of thing — and I stayed because I really loved Kelsea as a heroine; she's flawed, messy, brave, noble, occasionally petty, and just wants to do the best she can for her kingdom. I chose to request only Kelsea because I'm mostly interested in her as the pivotal part of any story, even if my prompts include other characters (not that I don't like the other characters, because I do! I'm just mostly interested in Kelsea's POV for this fandom).

- Something I really enjoyed were the epigraphs at the beginning of each chapter, detailing the life of the Glynn Queen in a world where she won the war without resetting the timeline. I'd love to see glimpses of that future. Maybe in the form of a history book focusing on the Glynn Queen? Maybe Kelsea's private correspondence? Maybe even as a work of fiction in the canon timeline (someone keeps having these vivid dreams they turn into a book?

- Kelsea in the new Tearling — how does she deal with the cognitive dissonance of living in a socialist paradise after what her life has been until now? Does she still have magic? Does she have PTSD? Is there still darkness lurking in the heart of the Tearling, despite her best efforts? Does she have to save it yet again?

- Kelsea/Red Queen (or Evelyn, however you choose to refer to her). I'm a sucker for femslash, especially femslash between rivals. AU where the Red Queen captures Kelsea, or where she lives and she and Kelsea work together, or even just a missing scene from canon.

Please see my letter for more detailed likes/dislikes

Letter: http://tristesses.dreamwidth.org/47062.html?style=site


Request 3 by tristesses
Dublin Murder Squad Series - Tana French 
Holly Mackey

I've been dying for fic about The Secret Place since I first read it way back in January, and although there is already some excellent fic out there, I crave more! Tana French is one of my favorite authors for her deft and subtle portrayal of the complexities of human lives and the contradictions therein, not to mention how immersive her portrayal of Ireland is; anything that follows in her footsteps would be fantastic. Much like The Queen of the Tearling, I requested Holly solo because I'm most interested in her; I thought she was fabulously complex and very authentically a teenager (despite French's occasionally cringeworthy slang, which I found kind of charming).

- I'm especially interested in the direct aftermath of Becca's arrest and Holly's guilt/gladness/general conflicting emotions. I realize this is not a very detailed prompt, but that's because I think there are lots of potential directions to take with such an organically constructed character. Any focus on Holly's inner life would be amazing.

- Holly starts a written correspondence with Becca and/or the rest of the girls, maybe a little bit post-canon. Epistolary fic!

- Holly and Frank, after the trial. What happens now that she knows her father thought she could be a murderer?

- I'm super intrigued by the girls' magic. I understand that it's probably a metaphor for losing the innocence of childhood, but what if it wasn't? What happens if it sticks with Holly even after the events of the book? I'd love to see this grim, ultra-realistic universe get a dose of magic.

Please see my letter for more detailed likes/dislikes.

Letter: http://tristesses.dreamwidth.org/47062.html?style=site


Request 4 by tristesses
Summertime Sadness - Lana Del Rey (Music Video) 

This music video makes me very teary and emotional every time I watch it. The wistfulness and longing of the song itself combined with the hazy, pastel atmosphere of the video makes me feel like I’m in a melancholy fairyland. Anything that captures that vibe, whether you take the fairyland comment literally or not, would be perfect.

- The relationship between Lana’s character and the suicidal woman — judging from the lyrics (“kiss me hard before you go”), pretty damn romantic. I’d love to see the lead-up to their relationship and the aftermath of the other woman’s suicide. Make me cry.

- It’s implied that Lana (or the character she plays, since I don’t want RPF particularly) also commits suicide in the end. Despair after her lover dies? Suicide pact? What’s going through her head?

- Take my “fairyland” quote literally and see what happens next. Give me magical realism, give me angels and fairies and devils, give me Lana as an ethereal goddess sadly watching her worshipper die. Anything goes.

Please see my letter for more detailed likes/dislikes!

Letter: http://tristesses.dreamwidth.org/47062.html?style=site


Request 5 by tristesses
We Have Always Lived in the Castle - Shirley Jackson 
Merricat Blackwood, Constance Blackwood

I read this story just a few weeks before noms and knew I had to request it; it really shook me up emotionally. I think my favorite part of it was how this claustrophobic, codependent relationship between the sisters was presented from Merricat's point of view as totally normal, and in fact desirable; after all, she sculpted her family to be that way. Merricat's narration was just...really spine-tingling, IMO, and it's probably one of the most immersive stories I've ever read. I also really loved the depiction of the townspeople as this malevolent other; Constance's agoraphobia seems perfectly legitimate in light of that mob, doesn't it?

- Like I said before, Merricat and Constance's relationship was the highlight of the story for me, and I'd love anything that explores that. (Full disclosure: I ship them like crazy, but I am also interested in gen about these two.)

- I'd be really interested in a Constance POV of the events of the book. We get hints of it, but the story is so tight on Merricat's POV that we don't get as much about Constance's inner life as I would like. What made her behave like she did with Charles? Was she dissatisfied with what her life had become? How content is she with the way matters lie at the end of the book? (I like to imagine very, but your interpretation may be different and I'd love to read about it.)

- I was really fascinated by Merricat's sympathetic magic, and I'd love to read a more in-depth exploration of it, maybe again from Constance's POV or even from a more distant and objective POV. Does the magic work, or is it Merricat's imagination? Or perhaps the power of her imagination lends it its power? I feel like the question of whether or not it's real was deliberately left unanswered in the book, and I'd like to see a conclusion.

- Let's talk about Merricat/Constance! Maybe something post-canon — emphasizing their twisted codependence, how beautiful Merricat finds Constance and vice versa, slowly growing closer and closer as they stay distant from the rest of society. Maybe exploring sex together for the first time? Or earlier, before the book but post-poisoning, where they (consciously or not) begin to imitate the husband/wife relationship? No non- or dub-con, please; let's keep this fucked-up sistercest consensual.

Please see my letters for detailed likes/dislikes!

Letter: http://tristesses.dreamwidth.org/47062.html?style=site


***

Request 1 by Trobadora
Ring of Swords - Eleanor Arnason 
Ettin Gwarha, Sanders Nicholas

I love the culture clash between humans and <i>hwarhath</i>, and I'm particularly fascinated with Nicky's experience. His history with the <i>hwarhath</i> in general, and Gwarha in particular, could fill an entire archive full of fic. Nicky is particularly dear to me because characters like him - those whose main traits are adaptability and lack of pridefulness - are so rare. Nicky the liar twists himself around circumstances and always, always tries to find the right angle, and is able to give in to circumstances without being diminished by it. And Gwarha, almost despite himself, has come to love and appreciate the twistier traits in Nicky. I'd love any story that gives me these two at any point during their timeline, from Gwarha watching Nicky being tortured to where they are at the beginning of the book, during the events we see, and after. How did their relationship develop? What happens when Nicky returns toward the end of the book? Where do they go from there? Anything about those two.

Letter: http://trobadora.dreamwidth.org/979845.html


Request 2 by Trobadora
Starfire Series - Various Authors 
Raymond Prescott, Zhaarnak'diaano | Zhaarnak'telmasa

I love space battles and military SF, but I'm most captivated by the enemies-turned-allies relationship between Terrans and Orions, and the relationship between Zhaarnak and Prescott in particular, from early uneasy cooperation to the <i>vilkshatha</i> brothers whose closeness is palpable on the page. I loved them both equally from the start, Zhaarnak the prideful bigot who overcomes his bigotry, and Prescott whose lack of pridefulness lets him accept Zhaarnak's command because it's the most practical thing to do. Anything about those two would be wonderful - a missing scene from any point in their relationship (early on, what's it like for Prescott to serve under Zhaarnak? how does it go when Zhaarnak tells him he knows? later, during their years of joint command, what happens if they disagree?), futurefic (how do they manage to stay in touch? how does it go when Prescott meets Zhaarnaks family? does he fit in?), or even an AU (meeting under different circumstances?); gen or slash - seriously, anything.

Letter: http://trobadora.dreamwidth.org/979845.html


Request 3 by Trobadora
Nantucket Trilogy - S.M. Stirling 
Kashtiliash

I'm very interested in the uptimer/downtimer culture clash in the Nantucket trilogy, and especially in the \"downtimers\" who are adapting to it and whose culture is changing around them. Kashtiliash is situated right at the heart of it and in position to shape some of it. I would love to see something focused on Kashtiliash dealing with this situation - the process of adapting, his constant awareness of the imbalance of power between his people and the Nantukhtar, his resentment and determination not to let them take too much control from him ... Gen or het, missing scene during the books or futurefic, or AU - any story about Kashtiliash would be great. Maybe during his courtship with Kathryn? Navigating their culture clash during their marriage? Kashtiliash dealing with knowing his fate in the original timeline? What if the alliance between Babylon and Nantucket becomes strained? How much change can Kashtiliash handle - where are his limits? Anything.

Letter: http://trobadora.dreamwidth.org/979845.html


Request 4 by Trobadora
1632 Series - Various Authors 
John Chandler Simpson

In <a href=\"http://www.baenebooks.com/p-379-1632.aspx\">1632</a> Simpson is simply a villain, but I love his development and added depth in the sequel, <a href=\"http://www.suramya.com/mirror/Downloads/baen/CD/13-TheBalticWarCD/1633/index.htm\">1633</a>. He went all-out with a strict end-justifies-the-means strategy - which not only failed, but proved unnecessary, and now he's living with the consequences. (He's also an introverted control freak, which is a character type I have always loved.) I also love competence, and unexpected competence even more so, so Admiral Simpson can be a joy to watch. David Weber's short story <a href=\"http://hell.pl/szymon/Baen/The%20Baltic%20War/Ring%20of%20Fire/074347175X___1.htm\">In the Navy</a> exemplifies most of what I love about him. I'd love anything that makes him shine, without diminishing his faults - maybe something with Eddie? With the Germans working for him? With his wife, who's cut from the same cloth as he? (Maybe plotting some bit of joint social/political manipulation? Mary helping him navigate society? The reconciliation with their son?) Anything about Simpson that lets him shine without diminishing his faults.

Letter: http://trobadora.dreamwidth.org/979845.html


***

Request 1 by tryslora
Killjoys (TV) 
Dutch (Killjoys), Johnny Jaqobis, D'avin Jaqobis

Dutch and Johnny are my faves; if D'avin doesn't fit in, that's okay.

Do Not Want: explicit sexual situations, main character death, unhappy endings

Letter: http://tryslora.dreamwidth.org/2420920.html


Request 2 by tryslora
One Day at a Time (TV 2017) 
Elena Alvarez, Penelope Alvarez, Lydia Riera, Schneider (One Day at a Time)

Elena is the character I'd like most to see, hopefully interacting with one of more of the others. But if you can't work in all three of the others, that's fine!

Do Not Want: explicit sexual situations (especially in this fandom!), main character death, unhappy endings

Letter: http://tryslora.dreamwidth.org/2420920.html


Request 3 by tryslora
Something to Talk About - Bonnie Raitt (Song) 

Do Not Want: explicit sexual situations, main character death, unhappy endings

Letter: http://tryslora.dreamwidth.org/2420920.html


Request 4 by tryslora
Teen Wolf (TV) RPF 
Tyler Hoechlin (Teen Wolf (TV) RPF), Dylan O'Brien (Teen Wolf (TV) RPF), Colton Haynes (Teen Wolf (TV) RPF)

Do Not Want: explicit sexual situations, main character death, unhappy endings

Letter: http://tryslora.dreamwidth.org/2420920.html


***

Request 1 by tsukara
Young Wizards - Diane Duane 
Kit Rodriguez, Nita Callahan

I just really want something light and lovely and fluffy, and if you don't ship these two it's fine (and an OT3+ with them once everyone's older? sign me the fuuuuck up), but mostly I'm just interested in wizardry and shenanigans and maybe the pitfalls (and perks) of dating your best friend who is also your wizardry partner.

Letter: http://picaphilia.dreamwidth.org/3066.html


Request 2 by tsukara
The Unbeatable Squirrel Girl 

Just campy comics goodness. I adore Squirrel Girl and love how they've done the latest version of her. If you're feeling all holiday-y, sure, go for it. Do she and Nancy do two thanksgivings, since Doreen is Canadian? Does Doreen wear her tail out and a crappy squirrel girl costume for Halloween? Are they invited to the Avenger's gift exchange? I love it I need it. Or just comic adventures with all and sundry, whatever floats your four-color boat.

Letter: http://picaphilia.dreamwidth.org/3066.html


Request 3 by tsukara
Mother of the Crows - Seanan McGuire (Song) 

Halloween (in all its permutations) is my favorite holiday for so many reasons. Go wild, I'm giving you free reign on this one. If this song pings you at all, for a myth, an untold legend, a ghost story in the corn, do it. On this one (and this one only) I'm even saying that the general Nope List (while still something to think about) is something you can indeed flout here. Go for it. You have permission.

Letter: http://picaphilia.dreamwidth.org/3066.html


***

Request 1 by tuesday
The Scumthorpe Files 
Nikki Danton, Lolita Scumthorpe, Carrie Scumthorpe, Nathan Bajek

DNW: non-con, rape play, infidelity, incest, underage, eye trauma, focus on the (pre-)canon dog attack, character death of any of the requested characters or their classmates, explicit fic, adult!Sprog.  If writing an AU, please no slavery, serial killer, mafia, prison, or sex worker AUs. 

-

My letter includes a list of general likes, ship likes, crueltide likes, yuleporn likes, and yuleporn dnws.  Each subsection includes some general talk about the fandom, ships I enjoy, and four types of prompts (gen, shippy, dark, explicit).  For TSF, I'm opting out of yuleporn and don't want explicit fic, so there are just the first three.

Also, this is your official permission to not include all of the characters I've requested. If you'd rather focus on the Scumthorpe sisters, write a date between Nikki and Carrie, or tell me about an adventure Nathan Bajek goes on with the other Scrap Row boys, I will be happy so long as at least one of the four is the focus. . . . Why yes, I did consider requesting Any until I realized I did not want to write out four character-specific sections. But seriously, feel free to treat this like I requested Any!

Sample prompt: \"Class 6F's class camping trip was amazing, and I would happily read all the fic about future class trips, be it to a museum, a state park, a laboratory, or someplace else entirely. Or maybe another Scrap Row boys adventure a la The Hardy Boys meets Cthulhu. Or Scumthorpe triplet sibling bonding. Or Nikki solving mysteries. I especially love the strange lore of the Scumthorpe Files, so anything you would like to add to or explicate from it, creepy or not, I would be all over that.\"

Letter: http://everysecondtuesday.dreamwidth.org/106205.html


Request 2 by tuesday
주유소 습격 사건 | Attack the Gas Station (1999) 
Paint (Attack the Gas Station), No Mark, Mu Dae-po, Ddan Dda-ra

DNW: non-con, rape play, infidelity, incest, underage, eye trauma, permanent character death of any canon characters, anything to do with the strip word game scene or anything like it. If writing an AU, please no slavery, serial killer, mafia, prison, or sex worker AUs.  

-

My letter includes a list of general likes, ship likes, crueltide likes, yuleporn likes, and yuleporn dnws.  Each subsection includes some general talk about the fandom, ships I enjoy, and four types of prompts (gen, shippy, dark, explicit).  Um, but I ran out of ideas, so actually I do not have specific ship or explicit prompts for this fandom. /o\\  But I assure you, I would happily read any of the requested four shipped with one another, whether you combine it with one of my other prompts, something from my likes, or just whatever strikes your fancy!

Sample prompt: \"What would an IN SPACE AU look like for this movie? Oh, man, or a time loop. They keep attacking the same gas station, because they keep repeating the same day, and [character] is the only one to realize it. Is canon the best outcome? Or was [character] caught by surprise that the loops stopped? If that's not your speed, what happens after the movie? Do they go on to swear off a life of crime, having realized how out of control everything spiraled? Or, bored and with nothing else to do the next week, do they go on to attack the same gas station?\"

Letter: http://everysecondtuesday.dreamwidth.org/106205.html


Request 3 by tuesday
Dwarf Fortress 

DNW: non-con, rape play, infidelity, incest, underage, explicit eye trauma (references to battle injuries: okay! in-depth description: please no), cat death due to direct action of dwarfs/use in the meat/soap/leather industry (dying in glorious battle taking down that forgotten beast: okay! killed to keep the population in check or for use as mittens: please no) .  If writing an AU, please no slavery, serial killer, mafia, prison, or sex worker AUs.

-

My letter includes a list of general likes, ship likes, crueltide likes, yuleporn likes, and yuleporn dnws.  Each subsection includes some general talk about the fandom, ships I enjoy, and four types of prompts (gen, shippy, dark, explicit).  As I've requested Any for DF, I also have sections/prompts for each character.

Sample prompt: \"Someone (the overseer, the dwarves, a necromancer, a particularly eccentric cat) is determined that no longer will unicorns be limited to the steed of elves. Whether they have to buy it, catch it, breed it, or just jump on top of it (or order others to do so for them), they will ride a unicorn, and it will be glorious. Whether this ends in actual glory or just gory death is entirely up to you.\"


Request 4 by tuesday
RED (Movies) 
Victoria Winslow (RED Movies), Han Cho Bai (RED Movies)

DNW: non-con, rape play, infidelity, incest, underage, eye trauma, character death of Han Cho Bai or Victoria Winslow (exception: if writing a happy ghost story).  If writing an AU, please no slavery, serial killer, mafia, prison, or sex worker AUs.

-

My letter includes a list of general likes, ship likes, crueltide likes, yuleporn likes, and yuleporn dnws.  Each subsection includes some general talk about the fandom, ships I enjoy, and four types of prompts (gen, shippy, dark, explicit). 

Sample prompt: \" I'd love to see Han and Victoria (feel free to include other characters from the rest of the gang, if you'd like?) going on adventures, getting together to save the world, or even just attending some sort of RED reunion (which Han crashes for Reasons). Any sort of spy equivalent to case fic would make me clap my hands with glee.\"

Letter: http://everysecondtuesday.dreamwidth.org/106205.html


Request 5 by tuesday
Long Live the Queen (Video Game) 
Elodie (Long Live the Queen)

DNW: non-con, rape play, infidelity, underage, eye trauma. Canon Elodie/Alice or any sort of high-cruelty Elodie/Alice. (Low/no cruelty Elodie/Alice is fine!) Elodie forced into a marriage/relationship. If writing an AU, please no slavery, serial killer, mafia, prison, or sex worker AUs.

-

My letter includes a list of general likes, ship likes, crueltide likes, yuleporn likes, and yuleporn dnws.  Each subsection includes some general talk about the fandom, ships I enjoy, and four types of prompts (gen, shippy, dark, explicit). 

Sample prompt: \"Lumen powers gone wrong! Assassins and intrigue! A monarch with a taste for blood! Roaming monsters and horrors in the deeps! I feel like there's a lot both in the setting and with the characters that can be made (or already is) as creepy or horrifying as anyone could ask for. Are there other lurking horrors like the kraken, sleeping deep beneath and all too easy to wake? (Are there people who want to wake them?) Elodie v. Lovecraftian horror cults is something I'd love to read.\"

Letter: http://everysecondtuesday.dreamwidth.org/106205.html


Request 6 by tuesday
Star Wars Legends: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords 
Kreia (KotOR2), Meetra Surik (KotOR2)

DNW: non-con, rape play, infidelity, incest, underage, eye trauma. Character death of Kreia, the Exile/Meetra Surik, or Atton Rand (exception: if writing a Kreia/Exile ghost love story). Kreia using her mind powers to mess with the Exile. Any explication of/focus on, \"I suffered indignities.\"

-

My letter includes a list of general likes, ship likes, crueltide likes, yuleporn likes, and yuleporn dnws.  Each subsection includes some general talk about the fandom (or in this case, a lot of talk about the fandom, complete with tl;dr), ships I enjoy, and four types of prompts (gen, shippy, dark, explicit). 

Sample prompt: \"I feel like Force bonds have a great deal of shipping potential. Also, uh, feel free to ignore this, but SOULMATE AU.\"

Letter: http://everysecondtuesday.dreamwidth.org/106205.html


***

Request 1 by turtlebook
The Conjuring (Movies) 
Ed Warren, Lorraine Warren

These are probably my favourite horror movies, because at their core they are about family and devotion and strong women fighting for themselves and the people they care about. And they're also really sweet somehow, for all the demons and terror, these movies have so much heart. I absolutely adore Ed/Lorraine, their relationship basically makes these movies for me. I want to read anything and everything about them as a couple, as working demonologists, as parents, simple moments between them, their romance, casefic, mundane domestic scenes  - it's all good  to me.

Please no: um, not sure how to put this, but breaking the fourth wall regarding Ed and Lorraine Warren as real people? I prefer just to focus on the very much fictionalised versions of the characters.

Prompts:
- Ed was a ghost all along (ignore my character death dnw for this prompt!)
- every time Lorraine touches the other side, she leaves something of herself there, and brings something back in its place
- Judy makes friends with a malevolent demon
- they don't investigate demons, they hunt them
- investigating a haunted house and finding a nice, helpful ghost
- scared by something silly/mundane/non-supernatural and laughing about it afterward
- romantic fluff - first times, celebrating a holiday, curtain fic etc.
- X-men/mutant AU where Lorraine has mutant powers. Maybe Ed does, too? And they meet and fall in love and maybe fight crime.

General Do Not Wants: graphic rape, underage sex, incest, child abuse, killing my requested characters, extreme violence or gore, focus on body fluids, depictions of animal harm, cheating, PWP, unrequested crossovers, unrequested ships.

For more info, see my letter!

Letter: http://turtlewhilesleeping.tumblr.com/yuletide2017


Request 2 by turtlebook
Jurassic Park (1993) 
Ellie Sattler (Jurassic Park 1993), Alan Grant (Jurassic Park 1993)

Been crushing on Ellie Sattler since the 90s. Competent palaeobotanist scienctist babe who is good in a crisis who knows what she wants and takes no shit from jerks or billionaires or raptors or anyone. Anything Ellie-focused would please me down to the ground, and I really love the glimpses  we get in canon of her relationship with Alan, so Alan/Ellie fic would be most appreciated, too. They have kind of a low-key, caring, meeting-of-minds vibe that I find so appealing in a couple. I really love it when both people in a ship have similar goals and get to work together - so anything where these two are doing palaeontology stuff together (involving  fossils or the real live type of dinos) would be great. An adventure or a quiet day on a dig site or something else entirely!

Please no: fic set after Ellie and Alan are split up (as established in the later movies), unless you are fixing it so they get back together. Fix-it fic is good! Or feel free to ignore the break-up altogether and pretend it never happens, or write something set earlier in their relationship.

Prompts:
- zombie AU
- zombie dinosaur AU
- dealing with trauma after the island
- they are stranded on the island for a lot longer and have to find ways to survive
- Alan/Ellie, these two palaeontology nerds in love, how did they get together?
- Alan/Ellie babyfic
- the dinopocalypse turns out to be a dinotopia
- Ellie bonding with the kids during or post-canon

General Do Not Wants: graphic rape, underage sex, incest, child abuse, killing my requested characters, extreme violence or gore, focus on body fluids, depictions of animal harm, cheating, PWP, unrequested crossovers, unrequested ships.

For more info, see my letter!

Letter: http://turtlewhilesleeping.tumblr.com/yuletide2017


Request 3 by turtlebook
Scrubs (TV) 
Jordan Sullivan (Scrubs), Perry Cox

I always shipped these two! From the first time Jordan appeared and we began to learn bits and pieces of their history together, I was all in. The way their relationship evolved, as they gradually worked things out and had a kid and then another one and stayed together and created this family despite being, you know, hilariously messed-up people who don't like anyone or anything, is wonderful and basically one of my favourite things about the show. They hated each other but then they very obviously didn't and they figured out how to just hate everyone else and be happy with each other and that's amazing.

Please no: background Elliot/JD, love both characters but as a couple they never really appealed to me.

Prompts:
- small, thoughtful gestures they both make that neither one would admit to
- a contrast between their first failed relationship and their second successful relationship
- kidfic, show me how they work as a parenting team
- any kind of family/domestic fun
- the evolution of hate sex to something other than hate sex to so-we-love-each-other-I-guess sex
- teaming up to make life miserable for someone at the hospital
- soulmate AU
- a nightmare roadtrip/vacation/conference with the kids and/or hospital staff

General Do Not Wants: graphic rape, underage sex, incest, child abuse, killing my requested characters, extreme violence or gore, focus on body fluids, depictions of animal harm, cheating, PWP, unrequested crossovers, unrequested ships.

For more info, see my letter!

Letter: http://turtlewhilesleeping.tumblr.com/yuletide2017


Request 4 by turtlebook
Twister (1996) 
Jo Harding (Twister (1996)), Bill Harding (Twister (1996))

This is such an awesome movie and not just because of all the Extreme Weather Situations, epic storm chaser rivalry with Cary Elwes, cows etc, but because the cast of oddball characters and their interactions are so entertaining. I love everyone! I'd love to see fic that includes the whole team in some way. But honestly I love Jo the most - she is so driven and stubborn and fearless and a good leader and I want to read anything you would like to tell me about her. I also love Jo/Bill as it plays out in the movie, and the hints we get of their long past together, and would very much enjoy a story focused on their relationship.

Please no: Melissa bashing, she is great and hilarious.

Prompts:
- Sometimes it's like they love the work (and the weather) more than anything else, so it's important, every now and then, to stop and take a moment just for them.
- Bill/Jo backstory - how they got together perhaps, or maybe an exploration of how things were in the early days and what lead to the divorce.
- I enjoy holiday fic! Christmas on the road or in the lab or with Aunt Meg? Found family feels would be great.
- Weather porn. (Interpret this as literally as you would care to!)
- Bill/Jo soulmates AU
- The days following the end of the movie - Jo and Bill working out how to be together again? Professionally as well as romantically? Bonus getting-back-together sex?
- So Bill is 'The Extreme', while Jo is driven to pursue tornadoes by personal tragedy. Jo is a scientist first while Bill has an intuitive understanding of weather systems. Those are interesting contrasts and I'd love to know more about how that plays into their relationship (and maybe contributed to its (temporary) downfall). 

General Do Not Wants: graphic rape, underage sex, incest, child abuse, killing my requested characters, extreme violence or gore, focus on body fluids, depictions of animal harm, cheating, PWP, unrequested crossovers, unrequested ships.

For more info, see my letter!

Letter: http://turtlewhilesleeping.tumblr.com/yuletide2017


***

Request 1 by twistedchick
The Ballad of East and West - Rudyard Kipling 
The Colonel's Son (The Ballad of East and West), Kamal's Son (The Ballad of East and West), Kamal (The Ballad of East and West)

I'd like to see the Colonel's son meeting Kamal, introduced by Kamal's son, and some bonding over the excellence of their horses.  Or some other sort of meeting that deals with the clash of cultures inherent in but hinted at in the poem.  No sex; keep the slash to friendship only, please.

Letter: http://twistedchick.dreamwidth.org/4266287.html


Request 2 by twistedchick
Bull Durham (1988) 
Annie Savoy, Crash Davis

We see much of the movie from inside Annie's head -- how about her viewpoint on what happens after the movie ends?  Crash goes to Visalia to be a manager; she goes with him -- does she keep teaching?  does she write a book about her adventures?  Anything can happen with Annie around.

Letter: http://twistedchick.dreamwidth.org/4266287.html


Request 3 by twistedchick
The Scarlet Pimpernel - Baroness Orczy 
Percy Blakeney (Orczy), Marguerite Blakeney (Orczy), Andrew Ffoulkes (Orczy), Armand St. Just (Orczy)

Tell me about a rescue that happened after Marguerite learned that Percy was the Pimpernel, please?

Letter: http://twistedchick.dreamwidth.org/4266287.html


Request 4 by twistedchick
Alexander Trilogy - Mary Renault 
Alexander the Great (Alexander Trilogy), Hephaistion (Alexander Trilogy), Sisygambis (Alexander Trilogy)

I have always been entranced by the fact that Sisygambis, the mother of Alexander's enemy, became Alexander's surrogate grandmother (more or less) after her son was defeated and she came to Alexander's camp.  When Alexander died, she refused to eat and died of grief not long after.  Would you tell me a story of Alexander and Hephaistion visiting her, maybe playing Hounds and Jackals, or her telling them stories?

Letter: http://twistedchick.dreamwidth.org/4266287.html


Request 5 by twistedchick
Chess (Board Game) 
Queen (Chess), Pawn (Chess), Knight (Chess), Rook (Chess)

Surprise me!

Letter: http://twistedchick.dreamwidth.org/4266287.html


Request 6 by twistedchick
Lymond Chronicles - Dorothy Dunnett 
Francis Crawford, Philippa Somerville, Richard Crawford, Sybilla Semple

I am sure that not everything that happened to Francis, Philippa, Richard or Sybilla is in the books.  Tell me something we don't know?  Alternatives:  what does Richard think of what Philippa has become?  How does Sybilla feel about the changes in Francis? Although Philippa is, for much of the series, an integral character, we don't see her viewpoint as much as we could.  What does she think?

Letter: http://twistedchick.dreamwidth.org/4266287.html


***

Request 1 by twizzle
Warcraft (2016) 
Medivh (Warcraft (2016)), Khadgar (Warcraft (2016)), Anduin Lothar (Warcraft (2016)), Gul'dan (Warcraft (2016))

I'd be happy with a story that doesn't include all my requested characters - I'd also be happy with a story that includes characters I haven't requested (as well as ones I have), but would like the focus to be on the ones I have. 
Please see my letter for preferred ships and potential ideas.
DNW: first or second person POV, incest, underage, suicide, pregnancy (magic-induced fel-spawn is exempt from this), bestiality, necrophilia, vomit/piss/shit in a sexual context, anal without lube, ass-to-mouth, genderswap, mundane AUs, zombies, vore

Letter: http://twizzle-eeyore.dreamwidth.org/845.html


Request 2 by twizzle
Peter Pan (2003) 
Captain Hook (Peter Pan (2003))

Please see my letter for potential ideas.
DNW: first or second person POV, incest, underage, character death, pregnancy, bestiality, necrophilia, vomit/piss/shit in a sexual context, anal without lube, ass-to-mouth/vagina, genderswap, mundane AUs, zombies, vore

Letter: http://twizzle-eeyore.dreamwidth.org/845.html


Request 3 by twizzle
Quacks (TV) 
William Agar, Caroline Lessing, Robert Lessing, John Sutton (Quacks)

I'd be happy with a story that doesn't include all my requested characters - I'd also be happy with a story that includes characters I haven't requested (as well as ones I have), but would like the focus to be on the ones I have.
Please see my letter for preferred ships and potential ideas.
DNW: first or second person POV, incest, underage, character death, pregnancy, non-con, bestiality, necrophilia, vomit/piss/shit in a sexual context, anal without lube, ass-to-mouth/vagina, genderswap, mundane AUs, zombies, vore

Letter: http://twizzle-eeyore.dreamwidth.org/845.html


Request 4 by twizzle
Suicide Squad (2016) 
The Enchantress (Suicide Squad (2016)), June Moone (Suicide Squad (2016)), The Joker (Suicide Squad (2016)), Harleen Quinzel (Suicide Squad (2016))

I'd be happy with a story that doesn't include all my requested characters - I'd also be happy with a story that includes characters I haven't requested (as well as ones I have), but would like the focus to be on the ones I have.
Please see my letter for preferred ships and potential ideas.
DNW: first or second person POV, incest, underage, suicide, pregnancy, bestiality, necrophilia, vomit/piss/shit in a sexual context, anal without lube, ass-to-mouth/vagina, genderswap, mundane AUs, zombies, vore

Letter: http://twizzle-eeyore.dreamwidth.org/845.html


***

Request 1 by twoif
League of Legends RPF 
Bae \"bengi\" Seong-ung (LoL RPF), Kang \"GorillA\" Beom-hyeon (LoL RPF), Song \"Smeb\" Kyung-ho (LoL RPF), Yiliang \"Doublelift\" Peng (LoL RPF)

Pleas see DYA letter for DNWs and dislikes. I would be happy with fic starring any of the characters and do not expect a fic with all of them. I would also welcome fic about relationships with characters not requested or in the tag list. While I love canon fic about these players and their relationships to their current or ex-teammates, I also love AUs. 

Some abbreviated prompts below, with more detail in the DYA letter:
- Gorilla post-retirement becomes an OGN personality and hosts his own weekly show.
- Any entertainment industry AU for the LCK players: they're idols, they're musicians, they're actors, they're producers, I want it ALL.
- Any fic about Bengi managing his ex-toplaners, or Bengi and Easyhoon trying to create identities/lives on Vici with each other separate from SKT and failing.
- Bengi in his last year trying to reconcile his separation from Faker and Kkoma and when he got married to Duke (seriously when did they get married).
- Doublelift and Biofrost go on a roadtrip.

Letter: http://docs.google.com/document/d/1WN_h-CoFESDvH5METnJjfKfMJATjFDyPjTelpuClMNQ/edit?usp=sharing


Request 2 by twoif
Overwatch RPF 
Ahn \"Wakawaka\" Ji-ho, Kim \"DNCE\" Se-yong, Ryu \"ryujehong\" Je-hong, Song \"Quatermain\" Ji-hoon

Pleas see DYA letter for DNWs and dislikes. I would be happy with fic starring any of the characters and do not expect a fic with all of them. I would also welcome fic about relationships with characters not requested or in the tag list. While I love canon fic about these players and their relationships to their current or ex-teammates, I also love AUs. 

Some abbreviated prompts below, with more detail in the DYA letter:
- ANY IDOL/MUSIC INDUSTRY AU, please just give it all to me.
- Especially give me a fic where Wakawaka and DNCE are actual musicians or Quatermain is a rapper.
- Alternate reality where DNCE is a manager for Panthera.
- Quatermain and Changsik leading Uncia after Panthera departs and the rebuilding of Kongdoo.
- Ryujehong sends Esca off to the army, or Lunatic-Hai in five years.

Letter: http://docs.google.com/document/d/1WN_h-CoFESDvH5METnJjfKfMJATjFDyPjTelpuClMNQ/edit?usp=sharing


Request 3 by twoif
Buzzfeed: Worth It 
Evan Ghang (Worth It), Steven Lim (Worth It), Andrew Ilnyckyj (Worth It)

Please see letters DYA letter for DNWs and dislikes. I would prefer fic about Steven/Andrew, but would be intrigued by a fic about all three, and also am interested in fic about Evan in context with his work at Buzzfeed and with the Worth It boys. 

Some abbreviated prompts below, with more detail in the DYA letter:
- Andrew somehow manages to convince Steven that them fooling around isn't spoiling Steven for sex.
- Worth It Season 4 is a roadtrip. (Steven and Andrew make out eventually, of course.)
- Steven and/or Andrew leave Buzzfeed and Worth It ends. Then, five years later, they do it again.
- AU where Evan is a BNF in the Buzzfeed fandom.
- Hell, give me an idol/entertainment industry AU for this too, especially since Evan apparently used to produce for Go! BTS?!?!?!?!

Letter: http://docs.google.com/document/d/1WN_h-CoFESDvH5METnJjfKfMJATjFDyPjTelpuClMNQ/edit?usp=sharing


***